[101768820365174368557,101091422767014883832,This place is kind of unreal to me. I bought their groupon for a year of laser hair removal. The staff were very kind and helpful, though clearly not terribly knowledgeable about their own equipment. But they use a Cutera laser, so I figured if they can point and shoot, we'll be okay. I don't know if they changed their process for promotional customers, but I received Extraordinarily poor quality treatments - it would be laughably bad if it hadn't, you know, happened. I've had laser hair removal at Arbutus Laser (amazing), and one time at SKN in Yaletown (also great). SKN uses the same laser as Deja Vu, and my results there were great (I have ideal skin/hair pigmentation for laser). I went twice to Deja Vu and had the same experience with two different technicians. First, it hurt maybe 1/10th as much as it should. I barely felt it - a bad sign. Then, they moved the wand around randomly. The technician did some areas many times, and missed others completely. Both techs moved the wand at a speed that meant they missed sections in between 'zaps.' After a week or so (when the zapped hairs have fallen out), I just had noticeably large patches of completely unaffected hair. The second time, I had literal strips of hair going vertically down my body along with other random patches missed. Hair-zebra wasn't my intended look. According to my experience with Arbutus (rated best in the city over and over) and SKN (same laser as Deja Vu), the point is that laser only affects the follicle at a certain growing stage, so it's important to zap every hair every time to make the timing of the appointments coincide with that stage of hair growth as much as possible. When I complained to Deja Vu, I was told missing whole areas was normal and that they would inevitably get them in a future session (despite the obviously random method being used by the technicians and the fact that my hair has grown back in by the time they see me again, so there's no way to ensure that). I asked for my money back and got a lecture about having paid a promotional price and expecting too much. I feel bad asking for my money back after going twice, but it was literally a useless service (patchy hair is worse than just regular hair!) by a company that doesn't know what they're doing. I had to fork out the money to go back to Arbutus in the end anyway, so the groupon was a complete waste of money.]
