[108461856533540985905,100346216091143441532,I was in the market for a 2011 7-Series BMW. After very thorough searching I ended up finding ALM Roswell. I called, and the car I asked about was being purchased. BUT, upon my asking if they had any others available, salesman Rand Hopper searched and helped me find another that I ended up preferring to the one I originally had called about! He helped secure it for me, as there were several people looking at it. He really helped and fought for the deal. I know that sounds odd, a salesman fighting for you to help you buy something from him, but as they told me, ALM moves about 450 vehicles a month. My BMW 740Li was white on black, which is one of the reasons it was so sought after. Another salesman had a buyer for the vehicle, and that was not good as I was about 400 miles away and the other buyer had cash in hand. I am so thankful Rand was my salesman, because he fought off the other buyer to get the car for me. Once I agreed to purchase, Rand took me over to the GM, David, to process the deal. Again - great guy. After speaking to both of these guys, all of my trepidations were gone. The drive back to Indiana in my new 740Li was the most at peace I think I have ever been. And it purred all the way home like it was right off the line. Both Rand and David are proud, responsible fathers, and they both spoke about their children with a lot of pride. That is actually one of the most important things to me as to how comfortable I am about working with folks when this type of money is involved. I couldn't recommend them enough. Before I went in, I had read all 56 reviews online, and although most were positive, there were a few negative, which scared me a little. Well, I think the negative ones were mostly from people who don't realize the business model these guys are in. They flip inventory, and it goes quickly. If you don't like that fast-paced process, you should go to the manufacturer's dealership and pay 30% more. These guys MUST clear all of the BS out of the conversation and get things taken care of, as that it there business model. At the end of the day, I got an UNBELIEVABLE car, at an even MORE UNBELIEVABLE price. End of story. Great people - I can't say enough regarding how high quality this experience was.]
