[103867459568884933810,100521794976331322244,My letter of complaint to Loews Royal Pacific Hotel: To: Loews Royal Pacific Hotel, My family recently stayed at your resort and had many instances of bad customer service during our stay. We are extremely disappointed with how things were handled. I want to bring to your attention the following complaints in hopes that you will use this information to work on improving your customer service. While your property is indeed beautiful and in a great location- it does not compensate for the following aspects of inexcusable customer service. *Our party made our reservation at the Portofino Bay property online. Upon arriving at the Portofino, we were told that there was a 'glitch' in our online reservation and that we were being transferred to your Royal Pacific property. We were told that this has happened more than once before. *When we arrived at the Royal Pacific, we told the front desk that we needed adjoining rooms- As we were a party of eight and reserved two rooms. We were told that there was not two adjoining rooms currently available, but if we would like to wait to check in at 4PM, than they would have two ready for us. (This was at 11AM) When 4PM came around, we returned to the front desk to check in. We were then notified that the two adjoining rooms were still not available and that the only option would be two rooms close to each other. How is it possible that after five hours- it was impossible to fulfill this promise? Your employees knew that we were waiting on the property for these rooms. *We accepted the two rooms next to each other. We had to repeatedly ask the maids in the hallway to keep it down. They would yell to each other down the hall to each other instead of simply walking to where the other employee was to speak with them privately. *One morning, we decided to have breakfast at the Islands Restaurant. We had the buffet. We did not see our server until she appeared to give us our bill a the end of the meal. My husband had to go to the server drink station to get his own coffee and juice. My husband and I have both been in the service industry for +35 years combined. This incident was completely ridiculous.. We were appalled by this. *My husband had the fish tacos at your poolside restaurant. (He is an Executive Chef for Nordstrom.) Your price of $14 for this meal is astronomical for the amount of food that you receive. *For the amount that you charge for a room, internet should be a complimentary service. Cell phone service was horrible at your property, also. The next time we will be in Orlando, we will not be returning to your property.]
