[118361644519166507550,100129495964459886743,Well Steve I'm sorry that you believe that your customer service skills are what make you stand out from the bigger stores but after my experience with you today… Jan 21, 2014.. I can understand why someone would be unhappy to pay more for a product and be insulted at the same time… After being your location 5 different times I really have had 5 different experiences.. 1. After first going in with my contractor (which you stated that your company likes to deal with contractors only not the homeowner especially not a women as obviously we don't know what we are doing or how to figure out square foot). along with my drawing of my project we placed a order and I took home a sample product to check against my stucco color….First guy was very good... 2. Came back a 2nd time to verify the product and pay and return the sample …. to find out they couldn't find my order so we had to start all over… but I did remember what I have previously ordered and even helped your salesperson figure it out as he didn't know how to do the add on of the top cap….Again dealing with the homeowner was obviously the issue….Told me I didn't have to pay until the product came in…Salesperson was nice but not very helpful... 3. Visit 3… wow what can say… they couldn't find my order but the product was there so they knew it had been ordered…. after about 20 mins… they finally found my order and I paid as... I was having a third party pick up the product... as I was leaving for vacation and wanted it to be onsite for the contractor… Your salesperson was very helpful and friendly 4. Visit 4… picked up the product... at no time did anyone suggest that I open each and every box to count all of the ledge stone but obviously should have according to you and if I had been the contractor I would have…(can't wait to call my contractor to find out if he picks up his orders and counts each and every piece of stone at the yard) Upon setting up for my contractor I realized we would need more corners because of an adjustment made by my contractor… I contacted you directly and told you my name and what my order was and that I would need one more box of which you took the information down and let me know that you had 15 boxes on hand to come right down and get one… Vist 5… again dealing with you directly I came down today to be informed by you that you had mistakenly told me you had the product when you didn't and that it was a special order which you knew and that it would take about 2 weeks to get the product in.. and when I informed you that some of the boxes appeared to be short and that I wouldn't have enough to cover 80 sq ft after looking at the pictures I brought in you informed me … it was because I must be working with a unlicensed contractor and he doing a tight stack and not doing a 1/4" space.. I again informed you that was the type of product that I had purchase that it supposed to be like that you informed me that yes you were mistaken and that it is supposed to be that way but again if I had bothered to check my product before I left…they could have made the adjustment then but now they had no way to verify what I was saying…. I ordered an extra box of product and had to leave your shop before I made a statement that I would be unladylike… but I will say that you are rude, insulting and totally unprofessional… and I prefer to not work with a company that has you Steve as a manager…… Over the last 20 years I have remodeled and flipped more than 17 homes … Have worked with hundreds of contractors, subs, electricians, handyman, gardeners and painters and truly never been insulted at least not to my face… So if it's customer service that you are banking on leave it up to your experience salespersons and you need to take a refresher course in CUSTOMER SERVICE… Shannon West- Greene]
