[101089237806156733136,101073468119107018946,Celery Stalk (rumored to be renamed The Brighton) is the worst apartment complex I've ever lived in for maintenance and there a few other things to consider that will help you to avoid the hassle of living here. Mid America, a REIT, owns the property and hired a new management company. Cannon is gone. They made some great promises to fix things, but have not delivered on those promises. They removed the signs that gave office hours and closed off one of the doors to the office. We've not been able to use the online portal to pay rent recently. Today is day six (this time) of no hot water. The maintenance staff sets a whole new standard for not being able to fix something. The flooring on the second floor above both apartments I've lived in here is falling apart and I can hear every step anyone takes, I've been in the upstairs apartments and you can feel the flooring give when you walk on it. It took nearly two weeks for them to respond to a simple maintenance request to unclog a drain line on the HVAC unit above the shower. Normally a 5 minute job. The did not leave paperwork saying they were in the apartment. The manager promise to come and check things our personally and no record of that ever happening was left. I've had a long series of work orders for plumbing problems in my bathroom. I was told that since it was a new management company, they don't have all the old records...I do. If you are apartment hunting pass this place up! I'm getting out as soon as I can. It's a shame too, because the location is good. When I first moved in in 2007 it was owned by another company...things were better. Also Mid America forces you to pay for Time Warner cable even if you don't want cable or prefer another provider. It's added to your rent. Many of the newer tenants are not screened very well and the aroma of marijuana is a common thing. There have been at least three car break ins on the La Cosa side that I know of. On Arapaho, there is too much police presence for that (Starbucks and 7 Eleven across the street). We can't even get a door bell for the door like all the other apartments around us have and the door bell next door is disconnected. The raise the rent if you renew your lease every year, otherwise they charge you considerably more for a less than one year lease. When you change apartments they list a number of administrative fees that allows them to pay back on a fraction of your deposit while asking for a new one, even when the apartment is left in better shape than you found it. If this is a typical example of a Mid America property...avoid them like the plague!]
