[109288469516813707400,100942031528270494245,I have been living at Brittania Heights for almost two and a half years now. Honestly, I love my apartment and have found the new office staff (about two years) very friendly and helpful. The maintenance and cleaning people are knowledgeable and friendly. The buildings are old and it is not a luxury community, so expect the normal, (but occasional) bad neighbor. All in all I would give everything high marks here and recommend that anyone on a budget consider renting an apartment here. I would say that IF MY APARTMENT WASN’T INFESTED WITH BEDBUGS! It took me almost three months to realize that was the problem and since then life has become a nightmare. Shawna (the property manager) is very nice, but takes an “I could care less how bad your life is” attitude, and simply suggests that I move. She will make the supreme sacrifice and break my lease for me! If you know anything about bedbugs, this is not a solution..they come with you. I bought all new furniture when I moved in here and it is all ruined from being sprayed over and over with chemicals. I have been kicked out of my apartment for hours and hours while the chemicals (supposedly) lose their toxicity. I have been living out of plastic boxes for the last eight months, because I can’t keep my clothes where bugs might get into. (Apartment management suggestion). My family will not come to visit, my friends look at me strangely when I visit them..and ALWAYS ask about my “bug problem”. I have lost sleep, live in isolation, had my life completely disrupted, and my furniture ruined..and the management graciously offers to break my lease! Wow! How nice of them, right? Now they are renting apartments near mine that they KNOW to have been infested. I say “have” because they will say they have controlled them with poisons. Unfortunately, these bugs are very tenacious, and run and hide, only to come back at a later date. They actually go into the walls, into cracks that are impossible to spray, behind electrical outlet covers…read about it on the internet! So…..while I will stick by my comments about the quality of the management and the apartment complex in general…consider carefully the caviler attitude they take about providing a quality living environment. 38-12-505. uninhabitable residential premises]
