[114402971044000266402,100320078010516780031,I love Trinity Tattoo. Great people work there, and great people own it. The atmosphere is very welcoming, and the people at the desk greet you like they know you (though they do know me). This particular review is about my Breast Cancer Ribbon tattoo that I got on Tuesday, June 12, 2012. Dave Lukeson was my tattoo artist. He is awesome. He knew exactly what I wanted and all I gave him to go on was a picture of a pink ribbon that looks a little tattered at the ends. He took time to explain to me why the ribbon was going to face a specific way and made sure it was the size I wanted. It is about 3 inches long on my left rib cage, close to my chest. My mom has the same one on her left shoulder blade, and my sister has one on her left rib cage as well. This year my 23rd birthday will mark the 10th year anniversary of my mom's double mastectomy and hysterectomy, and in turn 10 years of being cancer free. This tattoo is my tribute and kind of my version of the tattoo with the heart and the scroll that reads "Mom" across it. It's simple in design, the colors are beautiful, and its not just pink, there are purples and light and dark tones of pinks and white, and it looks like it was painted on. It was what I could see in my head, but couldn't explain, but it turns out I didn't have to. Dave and I had steady conversation the entire 2 to 3 hours I sat awkwardly in a chair. He made me feel very comfortable and took time to make sure I was doing okay (the ribs aren't fun). He was even excited to do something simple, and even though it's a simple breast cancer ribbon, it's beautiful in that simplicity. He made sure to go over the after care and told me to come in after about a week to make sure I was healing well. And once its fully healed I will be going back for a check up. I had the best experience and I am excited to get more work done eventually by Dave or any of the other great artists, and also the great piercing artist, Ms. Alley Bangarang. Thank you all for the great experience and I look forward to coming back for all my tattoo/piercing needs!]
