[101200069268247335090,101036520243828812027,Please read my update to my review Let me say that Ken Garff Honda's online marketing director contacted me personally through Twitter, and worked with me to finish the work promised in the value built to the sale price. He was very gracious while being genuinely vested in seeing whereh things got sideways with my service. He offered to have the work finished there or at a 3rd party, hooked me up with one of their brand-new Civis to take to Salt Lake City while my car was worked on, and even sweetened the deal with a personal touch by way of a gift card for dinner. Unmatched. While I would have appreciated some contact from our salesman, Wendell knows his stuff. Contact him if you feel uneasy and he'll assure you before or after. Previous review: "Worked with Kevin Burns to purchase a used Honda Odyssey. After playing nice and agreeing to some repairs before hand we come back after 4 days (had to order parts, no problem there), an find that carpet in the rear was ripped by someone stepping on the corner too hard in the back, and the driver's side door dented badly with the black vinyl coming off it like it was freshly dinged. Kevin swore up and down that those blems were there when he took the car in. My pictures at home prove otherwise. What a douche bag. When we got the car after Kevin said "of course we'll do a full detail on your van" the car had gum in the carpet still, stains on the headliner, stains in the carpet, goop in the cup holders, center consol, and glove box, and easily scrubbable blems on the paint. What a joke. Had to bring it in again today to redetail. After expressing my concern for Kevin's lack of honesty I gave him 3 tries to come clean and he refused to apologize or admit to a thing. Always fun to give a slime ball a chance to be honest when you have proof. He can live with it for all I care. Sales manager was much more polite after I complained of the douche baggery we received but still gave me a run around about the door. I'm shaking mad."]
