[102700594883121976109,100016008659213003245,I've tried several cleaning services and none of them have cleaned to my liking. I found this company online and based on several positive reviews, I decided to give them a try. I signed up for weekly service. The owner sent a checklist of everything that would be done. The communication was good, and the rate was reasonable. When I have a cleaning scheduled, I do a good amount of picking up prior. I make all the beds--even though it was included I didn't want them to waste time with my ridiculous amount of throw pillows; I pick up everything laying on the floors, counters, etc. It's very straight when they arrive, all they have to do is come in and do the big clean. Supposedly. The first cleaning was ok. Nothing bad, nothing good, but no "wow" factor. The second time was horrible. My carpets weren't even vacuumed. It was the second thing I noticed. The first thing was that the Collector's Edition Digitally Remastered movie set had been stolen. I knew it was taken because they were out on my table. My son and I were watching them, he'd never seen this movie collection. The cases were there, the movies gone. I contacted the owner. She explained that it was a new girl and they had allowed her to work prior to her background check being returned. Once it came back, she had shoplifting charges and they fired her. Too late for me. The owner replaced the movies, rather quickly, communicated well with me about it, and I felt reassured and stupidly gave them another chance at no cost to me. This visit was ok as well. The thing I noticed is that not everything, not even most things, on the list were being completed. My ceiling fans were never dusted. I was told in writing that weekly customers get free oven and fridge cleaning. I had to request that on the last visit and since I didn't need my carpets vacuumed as I had them shampooed I was told we could swap out vacuuming for the fridge and oven. ??? Nothing on the counters was ever moved or lifted when they wiped. A mat by my kitchen sink wasn't moved to vacuum or mop under. Mirrors weren't cleaned, they picked and chose what to dust and didn't choose much. For nearly $400 a month it better be top notch. That's a lot of money. If you don't want to include things such as baseboards, fans, mopping and dusting, don't tell people you will. Am I picky? Yes! However, I chose this company because of the things I was told would happen and it was what I was looking for. There's nothing wrong with pickiness, unless someone doesn't do what they say. I clean homes for a living, too. I would never disrespect my clients so much and insult their intelligence in hopes they did not notice my laziness. Save your money. I truly think the owner is a sweet and good person, but she needs to "clean house" with her employees. I know she has worked hard to build a business and her employees are going to be her downfall. New ones, and some desperately needed new training, and a no tolerance policy might help her save face. I'm sad to say I had to chalk this company up with the rest of them: a disappointment.]
