[104694947076709415322,101024779651671451780,I normally dont post bad reviews, but I posted on their facebook wall and they deleted the post. so I wanted to share the word about the horrible service I received there today. I have NEVER been treated like this before! So my wife and I found this place by doing a search on my phone after the "Bachelor Farmer" told us we had an hour wait today for brunch. We were very hungry and when we arrived, we were quickly seated (awesome there). The menu looked amazing given the prices. My wife ordered a brunch burger (with a fried egg on it) and I ordered this egg in a bowl pastry thing. The kitchen brought out our food initially, and the egg was only partially cooked. (sunny side up, runny whites). We can understand that since it was our first time, we didnt know how they prepared their eggs. So the waiter brought her plate back to fix it. They cooked the same egg a little more and put it back on the burger. Which meant that there was still runny whites left on the burger. My wife hesitantly bit into the burger and noticed that the burger was only partially cooked and was cold pink in the middle. She was then disgusted and sent it back and did not want to eat her meal. I did not eat my meal, and at that time I told the waiter we just wanted to pay for what we had already consumed (a scone, orange juice and a tea and leave) he brought the bill and it still had my plate on it. He said since he offered to fix it for my wife that I was on the hook for my plate (even though he promptly removed it and i did not eat it). Hang on here...we are getting to the best part. So I hesitantly paid... On our way out the manager called me over (he never had the courage to come address me at the table while I was still there), by waiving a gift certificate at me. I told him the whole story and why it was not fair that I had to pay for food I did not eat. His response was "Well its good that you are never coming back, because you are not welcome here" I have never been told that by someone before so I was shocked...I have been nothing but respectable to the people there, and I will be honest that I got really upset and told the manager to F- off on my way out the door ... they mocked me on my way out by telling me loudly and obnoxiously to "have a good day". Unacceptable]
