[111139526329456498724,100640490379015390273,I can't say enough good things about Powersource! I was impressed from the very first phone call I had with their receptionist Sara. She was so wonderful and got me right in, which I very much needed. The office is beautiful, clean and spa like as well as a big screen TV with fun facts and information. I met with Chrissy first who is wonderful and she helped me do my initial assessment. Dr. Scott Dubrul is the real deal and beyond. I've been to other respected chiropractors and after seeing Dr. Dubrul they don't compare. His knowledge of the body as a whole is impressive. He doesn't simply fix your body; he explains how each part of your spine connects to nerves which in turn can affect your organs. He is all about healing the whole person. I got x-rays right in the office and came back the next day for the results. Dr. Dubrul had put together a comprehensive care plan for me and thoroughly explained all the results. I was really excited to see the findings and how much progress could be made. There wasn't any pressure put on me to make a bunch of appointments or anything, but believe me I was more than ready to! Powersource also offers massage, wellness plans, food intolerance testing, muscle therapy, hormone testing as well as other services. They also carry the exclusive supplement line Standard Process, which really impressed me. I had muscle therapy with Ryan and he is very talented. It was the most effective massage I've ever had. My muscles were extremely tight, so it wasn't the most relaxing, but I felt so much better afterwards. I am a very competitive tennis player so my body and health are always on my mind and I only want the best to be a part of my team. Again, I can't say enough great things about Powersource and really believe everyone would benefit from their services. It is a very welcoming and professional atmosphere and not a single detail has been left out right down to getting text/email alerts about your upcoming appointments. This is the type of place with the type of experience you would expect to find in Beverly Hills or Hollywood. I'm already moving and playing better tennis and am so grateful to have found Powersource Chiropractic!]
