[100204579940163342761,100545528986298280460,I have been twice now and both experiences I thought were severely lacking. The first time i went with my fiance. We paid online for the range time (as I read how crowded it could be). Once we got there the cardboard signs that lead you around the where the single checkout was are kind of a joke. The older gentleman behind the counter acted like we were a bother to him (go figure paying clients a bother), then when we stated we needed to rent a pistol he simply said he could not leave the register to help us and it might be a long wait (now keep in mind the register is literally 5 feet away fro the case the rental guns are in and you have to pay for them at the register). He said we should go and check in at the range then come back to make sure the spot was open and waiting. We did as he instructed and were met with yet another employee that seemed like we were an inconvenience... once checked in we went back to the rental case/counter and waited for about 10 minutes to finally be helped. I asked for the XDM 9mm and the guy had a heck of a hard time finding it... he said I could have the XD and at that point I really didn't care... he pulled it out and when I looked at it I had to tell him that was the XDM. Fast forward to getting on the range.... it was dark, the only thing that worked was the devise to move the target down the range (no way to tell how far out you are or anything as they have the monitors locked out (and looked broken)...My fiance flat out said she felt the guys working there were creepy and rude (15 years of customer service management) I then decided to give them another try when my son came in for leave from the ARMY..... very similar issues (had to wait over 20 minutes for the rental this time) but my son even made a comment on how horrible their customer service skills were. This place is pretty close to my house and I would have loved to go there more often but I cannot put up with people who have zero customer service skills. While I am sure there are a couple there that know what they are doing the vast majority absolutely do not. Before anyone wants to comment that I should just buy a gun then (well thank you I do own one but wanted to rent another for the people that I brought and to try a different one myself for something new). I am from the Carolinas (lived in both North and South) and have been to some amazing ranges their and elsewhere on the east coast and southwest and this place has the worse customer service of any that I have been to. I will be avoiding it in the future and will take a longer drive to find one that has a clean, well light range with knowledgeable and helpful customer service. ---------------------------UPDATE 2/17/2014---------------------------------------------------------------------- I went buy yesterday (it is the closest place to me and there was a foretasted Snowstorm). I drove to the building and there was not a place to be able to park at all... there were even cars parked on the grass out front, I kept driving and ended up going to GAT up in Dundee.... I will never be back to Article 2 after the great experience at GAT. Large place with friendly service and a well lit (really well lit compared to Article 2) an overall great experience! I strongly suggest to head to any place other than here, they have 0 customer service ability and the range is ok at best. Take a longer drive and find one of the other, better, locations in the Chicago land area.]
