[114224772496405982263,100682439702562132699,Up until yesterday (10/20/13) I would have given this gym 5 stars. I have been a member of PF since it opened its doors for business here in Lubbock a couple of years ago. I love the facility. Most of the non-management staff have always been friendly and helpful. The equipment is all new, functional, and the place is very clean. Yesterday (10/20/13), I was interrupted while running on a treadmill when a heavy-set elderly woman whom I have only seen working there recently came up to me rudely demanding that I move my bag to a locker. I told her no and explained that I keep my inhaler in that bag, which I needed to keep with me at all times. She threatened to get the manager if I did not comply with her demand, so I told her to do whatever she felt she needed to do, but I was continuing my workout. Sure enough, a couple minutes later, the assistant manager "Victoria" came up to me, once again interrupting my workout, and once again, rudely demanding that I move my bag to a locker. I've brought this same little light-weight cinch-bag in every day I have ever came into this place for a couple of years now, and suddenly they had a problem with me carrying my bag with me? I was told that corporate came in recently and found they were not enforcing this rule that had always been in place, so they had just started enforcing it. Again, I explained that I need my bag with me for my inhaler, and "Victoria" told me that I can keep my inhaler in the well of the treadmill. I'm not going to do that because it will get left behind and lost, as has happened several times before, not to mention the treadmill is not the only machine I planned to use. "Victoria" then told me that either she would TAKE my bag or I could leave. I was not about to let her lay a hand on my bag, so I told her if she was going to make me leave, then I wanted a refund of my money they took out for this month for my membership. Suddenly she didn't have any authority to do such a thing. Already infuriated, I then spoke to the manager, "Eric" over the phone, and he was even more rude than "Victoria" was. He also refused to refund my money, yelled at me at the top of his lungs over the phone, and hung up on me when I refused to give the phone back to "Victoria" until I had my refund. I was handed a copy of the list of rules, which I later read and clearly states, "Fanny packs or other on-person storage devices are permitted," but yet, wearing my cinch bag as a back-pack was not a solution that anyone bothered to offer me. They apparently thought it was better to just cancel my membership without me even signing the cancellation form and kick me out of the facility all together. They even threatened to have authorities escort me off the premises if I did not leave, like some common criminal. When I asked for a contact number for their corporate office, I was given the number to the Amarillo location instead, who by the way, stated that they have had several phone calls from people with complaints about the management here in Lubbock. What a shame, they would rather boot someone out the door that has been a loyal member since they opened for business than to offer a solution that would benefit everyone involved, or heaven forbid just be polite to someone and request what they wanted in a friendly and courteous manner to begin with. I actually had other women come up to me before I left saying that they had the same experience with the heavy-set elderly woman rudely demanding they remove their bag from the floor area. I hope this review will be useful for anyone considering a membership here. Good luck.]
