[109823245532735864123,100370543658287452705,I had the worst customer service from them over the past couple days. Yesterday I arrived for my 11 o'clock appointment to get my check engine light looked at and to investigate a knocking noise in my front right wheel. I dropped off my key and awaited a call to hear whats wrong. I did not get any phone call til 2:30 where the lady who called me(who totally knew nothing about cars) said I had two issues. 1st issue was with the engine which would cost me around $250 and a 2nd issue with my front wheel that would cost an additional $260 bucks. I not being able to afford both said for them to go ahead and fix the engine issue and I would wait on the wheel issue. She said okay they would start working on it and she hung up. At 5 o'clock i had still not received any phone call back from this establishment and so i called up there. Basically I got told that they had not even started fixing my car... this is 6 HOURS after it has been there mind you.. and that other cars came in that they had to take car of and that they are working on getting back to it.. the man assured me they would give me a call back when they knew when it would be done.. Pep Boys closes at 8 and I never got any phone call til this morning at 9 oclock when the very nice guy who i had dropped my car off to the day before noticed my car was still there. He explained that he was unsure why my car was still there and why it was taking so long and he apologized and gave me a full run down of what was actually wrong with my car.. Best part is that this guy who knew what he was talking about said that my total car damages to fix it is actually 1700 dollars(im sure this price wont include the "labor" charges your gonna charge me for having my car there all day and all night).. thats a little far off from the 500 i was quoted the day before huh... the engine part that has to be fixed is actually $650 dollars. so now im having to come up with an additional $400 to get my car fixed because the people at this business don't have any clue what they are talking about and I'm pretty sure I am getting scammed for more money. I told him to go ahead and fix the engine cause I definietly don't have $1700. He said okay and he would get someone working on it. It is now 4:45pm on sunday. 29 hours later and i stilll do not have my car. Every time I call up there no one can give me any estimated time of when my car will be done. I pretty sure when you fix cars everyday you can say oh this process takes roughly 3 to 4 hours or can give someone some sort of time scale to work off of instead I get well were not sure but we will call you when its done.. oh yeah? like you guys called me last night before you closed?? cause you didn't. I dropped my car off thinking it would be a few hours maybe six hours and I've had to make arrangements all day to get around cause I have no transportation. Stay away from this business they are a bunch of money uneducated "car technicians" and one brainless girl answering the phones.]
