[111708340139017107552,101066139862073488841,GBS) (गण्डकी आवासीय उच्च माध्यामिक विद्यालय), formerly known as Nepal Adarsha Vidyashram, is a model school of Nepal. It is located in the city of Pokhara, 200 kilometers west of Kathmandu, and is the first and the only regional school of the country. Gandaki Higher Secondary Boarding School formerly known as Nepal Adarsha Bidhalaya was established on 11th June 1966 as a result of the initiation of three groups: i. The United Mission to Nepal. ii. The Shining Hospital and iii. The Local Community. Initially the facilities were primitive with all the thatched-roofed buildings mud and bamboo. There were only 45 boarding students, who were catered for by 5 teaching staff. It was designated as a co-educational regional school in 1985 with English as the medium of instruction in an agreement between Nepal government and the United Mission to Nepal. The First batch of 10+2 students was enrolled in 1992.Prior to the commencement of 10+2 education; students were prepared for O level study for a number of years. Really it is one of the best school of Nepal. The unparalleled resources, encouraging teachers, clean and green environment, great library with variety of books are just a few of features that G.B.S provides to students. It is ranked best school because of it's effective teaching and learning process. The school is a non-profit institution owned by Nepal Government (Ministry of Education) and used to be run by an agreement and in collaboration with the United Mission to Nepal (UMN). The school was opened with a view to imparting education of an international standard keeping into view the thirsts of the students of Western Development Region for quality education. As it solely believes in the holistic development a child, students here are nurtured providing a homely and caring environment for their mental, physical and social development. The school provides an all-round education that challenges the student's mind, body and spirit. It combines freedom with responsibility and reason with emotion. As it is a non-profit making institution, the objective of the school is to provide a quality education with an affordable cost. Character, Service and Knowledge are our school motto.]
