[113704450797323589332,100041415353170768013,Not having had an eye exam for nearly a decade, I went to this Eubank location of the Sandia Vision Clinic for a contact lens exam in mid-March of this year (2013). The service was….not good. I was not given the opportunity to remove my contacts prior to the exam, which flustered both the tech and my optometrist, Dr. Lauren Bobick, when I informed them of this—as if this isn’t something that every person wearing contacts would need to do prior to an eye exam. While my tech (can’t remember his name—short Hispanic guy) demonstrated pretty good customer service skills, Dr. Bobick clearly did not want to be there. She was, at best, curt, and, at worst, standoffish. She was clearly annoyed at the fact that I didn’t know the exactitudes of my contact prescription (the reason I scheduled the eye exam in the first place), and stated outright that I was going to be charged for a full contact exam in addition to the normal eye exam. That was fine with me, and was what I walked into the clinic thinking would be the case: my current insurance (Davis Vision Basic) covers a regular eye exam, and up to $200 for contacts, but it does not cover the contact exam per se. Thus, I was prepared to pay the ~$137.00 necessary to cover the contact exam. To my surprise, the tech informed me that Sandia would be able to use the $200 contact allowance to cover the contact exam, and that I was good to go. As you can imagine, I thought that was awesome! I chocked Dr. Bobick’s undesirable bedside manner to this being Albuquerque (if you’ve lived here as long as I have—25 years—you know what I mean) and left with a smile on my face. Cut to yesterday (07/02/13), when, lo and behold, I received a bill from Sandia Vision for my contact lens exam, nearly four months after the fact. Unfortunately, I could not remember the name of my tech, and I failed to obtain some kind of receipt/bill on the day of my exam showing exactly how my charges were going to be covered. Needless to say, that seemed pretty shady. This morning, I called Sandia Vision and spoke with a Megan (sp?) about my bill. I explained everything to her, and then asked her why this would have happened, particularly why I was told that my lens allowance could be used to cover the exam. She was unable to answer this, stating that she had never heard anything like this, that they were understaffed, and simply kept repeating that my insurance didn’t cover contact lens exams. When I asked her why it took so long to receive a bill, she blamed it on my insurance company. At least she was cordial, which is more than I can say about Dr. Bobick. In sum, my check is in the mail, but I will not ever return to Sandia Vision Clinic, and I advise you to avoid this place at all costs. If you feel inclined to go here, or it’s your only option, make sure that you get something with your charges in writing on the day of your exam (easier said than done; just read the other negative reviews of this place).]
