[102742312205393758870,100582971094213169149,I love all the reviews complaining about out of order or outdated games. A) Have you been to an arcade lately? Most of the arcade games at Dave and Busters are the newest games on the market. I'm not sure what world you live in, but go ahead and look them up on any arcade machine shop (such as CoinOpExpress, etc.). You look dumb complaining about that. B) Yes, many games were made from mobile games. Welcome to 2014 where mobile games are actually pretty popular. Hell, the Doodle Jump game is actually a LOT of fun. Cut the Rope gives more tickets for little effort than many of the other games. C) Out of order? Yes. Welcome to an ARCADE where literally hundreds of people play the games each day. I'm not sure what electronics you've purchased lately, but that much use is bound to cause games to go out of order. Complaining that a game owes you tickets? Wow. You must not have been to an arcade lately. Every time I've been (at least 1-2 times per month since they opened), there has been maybe 2-3 games out of about 50-60 that were out of order. D) The food. You go to a place that explicitly shows they serve bar food, then complain that it's bar food. I have never had an issue with food being cold when it shouldn't, and it's actually been pretty decent considering it's an arcade + bar + restaurant. They have a pretty large selection, and I have yet to get a meal that I don't like there. Then again, I'm not looking for a 5-star filet mignon at a bar. I'm looking for things that are fried and incredibly unhealthy for me, and D&B serves it up. E) Go on Wednesday. Seriously. All games are half price, which puts them at a pretty decent value for the amount of time you'll get to play. Going any other day is just silly. I will agree that the service is lacking a bit, but that's why I dock one star rather than give the entire place the lowest rating simply because I've had 1-2 experiences trying to walk up to the bar to get a drink, and having to wait 5 minutes or so. I realize this is in Cary, and many of you are rich snobs from New York, but it's kind of pathetic seeing people give a place the lowest rating simply because their food was a bit cold or a game they wanted to play was out of order. Get real.]
