[100610133992053178515,100318908004034164616,I was a bridesmaid in a friend's wedding this past summer. I went in to this David's Bridal, with no appointment, becuase I was told I didn't need one, and waited about 30 minutes for someone to acknowledge me. I finally went and found an employee who was hiding behind the desk reading a magazine. Very professional. I said who I was and who's wedding I was there for and she looked it up. I already knew pretty much what I needed since the bride had problems with the store she dealt with in the first place. This girl didn't even pull my options for me. She pointed in the general direction of what I needed and went back to her hiding. So I'm digging through the mess over seperates trying to figure out which tops were my options and another lady came by and yelled at me for going through the inventory. I explained the steps that had gotten me there, she apologized and offered to pull what I needed and sent me to a fitting room. I told her I needed an 18 for the top and a 14 for the bottoms, she measured to make sure, and then brought me a sizes 6, 22, and 26 for tops, and a 10 for the skirt. Really? And then she didn't even help pin them in the back so I could kind of see what it would look like, and obviously I didn't even try the 6 on. In fact she never came back. I do understand that brides come first. No problem. But it isn't hard to stop by for 10 seconds and just check in. Anyhoo, I went to order my stuff and magazine girl kept trying to order me extra stuff. I kept telling her no, I'm not supposed to have 2 sashes, why would I need sashes at all, but she wouldn't listen. So I called the bride :D I let them know too that I lived about 2 hours away and worked mostly nights, so we needed to work something out, since you only have 7 days to pick up an order. I ended up having to take a half day off work to pick it up. That's not the only bad experience I've had with David's in general, I tell everyone not to buy anything there unless you can get it straight off the rack.]
