[104147088168607208904,100386167038333664418,I'm usually not a critic, however my experience at this restaurant was one of the worst i've had in my recent memory. We chose Trailhead Brewery for our 10 year anniversary dinner and expected the great service and food we have had there over the years. That was definitely NOT the case this time. First, we were seated, and the server came over. He introduced himself as Scott, and took our drink orders. We didnt know what we wanted right away, and we definitely took the time to read over the extensive menu. Scott, the server kept checking on us. After about 10 mins, a new gal came over and introduced herself saying she was taking over for Scott...turns out she was a bartender, filling in, and hadnt served in years. We finally ordered a soup, she had chili, i had french onion. I ate about a quarter of the french onion and then in my spoon i pull up a white plastic steak "temperature marker", the kind that you put in the steaks to mark how done they are. I thought, well, that's not good, pulled it out and set it aside, and kept eating. Two more spoonfuls and I pull up another one!! I set the soup aside, and waited for the server. I showed her and she stated the obvious, that that's not supposed to be like that! It gets better. We order our food. She gets the "sesame seed encrusted salmon", with the "wasabi aoli" sauce. I get the mahi mahi with the three cheese potatoes. Our dinner comes and my wife notices immediately that number 1, this wasn't "sesame seed encrusted", and two, no wasabi aoli sauce. The server looks at it and says, "oh, your right, no sesame seeds", and I'll get your sauce. She leaves and comes back in a few minutes with a DISH OF SESAME SEEDS!! AND SOME "WASABI AOLI SAUCE". The dish of sesame seeds was enough to push us over the edge! What on earth were we supposed to do...pour them on the salmon? and then the "wasabi aoli sauce" was MAYONNAISE WITH GREEN FOOD COLORING!!!!! We question the server who says "yes, that's the way we make our aoli sauce!!!!! " Really..mayo and green food coloring? Wasabi is quite spicy, and there was NO spice in this! And then to think things couldnt get any worse...my wife woke up at 12:45 am with severe stomach cramping and was in the bathroom for the rest of the night and still now with what we think is food poisoning. She's been up every 2 hours in the bathroom. And on top of this, she's a month pregnant!! Needless to say, we sent her food away, my soup away, they comped both of them, we had a miserable 10 year anniversay dinner, my wife ended up with food poisoning and we will NEVER go back!!]
