[101178248547115279609,101018374306987284697,I hadn't been to the dentist for nearly 10 years before coming to this Coast Dental location (being a broke art student sort of makes it hard to get insurance) and I've always been super afraid of dentists because of some horrible experiences I had as a child. In addition, I actually ended up assigned to this office accidentally due to a mix-up by an old insurance provider. However, I have to say that I am super happy that the mistake was made as I couldn't be happier to have Dr. Richardson as my provider. The office itself is super clean and really inviting, and the staff is really great at making you feel welcome. Dr. Richardson herself is a really kind woman and I really appreciate that she explains what needs to be done in procedures in a pretty simple manner. She, and her staff, are also really gentle when to procedures and they do their best to make sure that you're not experiencing any discomfort. I, in particular, have a pretty decent pain tolerance, but I know that there are some people out there that don't so I think it's a major plus. As a note, regarding some of the negative reviews I've seen below: The payment plans that they offer there do operate on DEFERRED interest and not 0 interest. But, even if they may have slipped up and said no interest instead of deferred, it's really your responsibility as a patient to read all of the paperwork that they give you before you go signing anything. They're not the ones paying the bill, you are, and all of the paperwork that they present you state all of the details of the plan. The staff is pretty patient so they're not going to rush you into putting your signature down, especially considering that the doctor pretty much runs a one-woman show there and could easily find something else to do in order to give you time to read through things. So, I'd say that if you really want to be sure, let them know that you'll need a moment to go through everything before you fill anything out. That being said: a deferred interest plan is still better than nothing at all, especially if your bill happens to be on the small side and you know you can pay it off in way less than a year but just don't have the money then and there to foot the whole thing. Whoa, this ended up pretty long! Anyways, if you're looking for a new dentist I highly recommend giving this office a chance. :D]
