[103425729172009159609,100017669562409244698,We went to Myrtle Beach for a family vacation checking in on Sat June 21st. We had three families checking in from Ohio and Florida. We chose Coconut Grove unit 205 with 6 bedroms and 5 baths.Upon arriving we went to the office on Sea Mountain Highway about 2:30. We was told that the unit has been cleaned but not inspected and give them until 3:00 before we go there. We arrived about 3:10 and the cleaning crew was just coming out as we arrived. When we entered to our surprise the place was disgusting. The carpet on the stairs looked like it had never been cleaned, it had stains and dirt ground into the carpet. The tile floors were sticky and still had dirt on them. My wife called the office and said the would send a cleaning crew out to clean up. Our second party arrived from Columbia SC and we were totally embarressed that we had rented such a filthy place to meet our family once a year. None of us live like this and now we would have to live in a filthy enviroment for the week. The two cleaning girls showed up and we started showing them just how bad it was, dirt so thick on the thermostat it looked like no one had wiped it off ever. We showed them the carpets and the stains and marks on the walls. The food caked up on the backsplash behind the stove and sink. The stove, oven and refrigerators that had only been wiped with a wet cloth but not cleaned. The two girls said they were there to vacum only and that this need to be deep cleaned and they only got 25.00 to vacum. The one called Jimmy on her cell phone and he said someone would come up to look at it. We knew that the office closed at 7:00 and nobody would be around. Our third party arrived from Ohio and they were in disbelieve that this is what they were going to spend the next week in. Both of our other parties have children and did not want them to live in something as this. My wife had made it a point to emphasize that the unit needs to be very clean and updated. This is not our first vacation as we have rented condos, houses and cabins in the past but this by far was the worst. Since no one was coming and it was 6:15 we decided to go to the office ourselves. Arriving there we heard others that was not happy with there units. We explained our situation and a few minutes Nicole came out and took us into her office, She was very nice and listened to our concerns and took notes. She had people ready to get us sheets, comforters,trash cans and a cleaning crew to send over right away. We had then went to the store the three sisters and myself to get cleaning supplies and griceries for the week. When we arrived back to our unit we were told that the cleaning ladies that showed up did a good job on cleaning what they could. They had a pile of dirt, hair, sand and paper the size of a basketball swept into a pile. They even found chicken wing bones in the room with the air conditioner. They cleaned the mold from the showers the best they could. We finally were making beds at 11:20pm after some of us started our days at 3:00 in the morning a little shy of being up 24hrs. Not a great way to start a family vacation. Elliot Rentals have not offered any type of compensation except when they said if we wanted to do our own cleaning the would knock off 110.00 cleaning fee. Since when do you have to clean your own place before starting vacation. For 3000.00 for the week I would never stay with them again nor would I recommend this unit to anyone. Funny thing is the unit is up for sale for over 300,000.00. It will take another 10,000 of cleanin, replacing carpet and painting to get it into shape just to show it.]
