[105220696495432933578,100724795974030475172,I will start off with the good. Hotel Lungarno is decorated beautifully and the rooms are very spacious. Everything seems to be clean and the options in the mini bar are great. The room service food is okay, but too expensive for the quality. Now expect a long paragraph about the hotels service. Absolutely disgusting and should be taken down a star just for the pure lack of care for their guests. First off, they use the same taxi driver anytime you ask for a ride. He doesn't speak English, drives horribly and pretends to get lost to hike up your fare. He is not helpful in the least and they refuse to call anyone else.. not to mention he drives a vehicle from the 80s. I was absolutely DISGUSTED at the end of our stay when our luggage and my wheelchair would not fit in his car yet they literally forced us to use him AND a van. Obviously, all of our stuff would fit in the van and when I requested this the concierge went into the hotel and didn't come back outside! I have never seen something so unprofessional. The van shut the door on my grandmother and took her to the train station separately, without her consent. It literally just drove off.. leaving us to pay two taxi rides when it should have been one. The hotel also told us the one taxi was prepaid and took $75 and then the taxi driver demanded we pay him again! It was ridiculous. This hotel's staff lies and tells you that they have done things when they haven't. I called them three times to make sure they registered my wheelchair with the train station, they said it was all taken care of. I arrive and get publicly embarrassed by the Captain because no arrangements had been made. I found myself crying in front of thousands of people. They also told us they had arranged a transfer for us when they didn't. I could not go to the hotel's restaurant because it is up stairs and I was in a wheelchair at the time. For my stay I was promised two free dinners so I had arranged it to be changed into room service considering the circumstances. When I received my bill, they charged me for the whole thing. Insanity. They also told us Lungarno Details was open and my poor family had to push my across the bridge, only to find the store was closed until September. So unprofessional and they wasted so much of our time. I sincerely suggest you don't stay here, for your own good.]
