[111814155990194475944,100227414726080962366,Prior to going to Leslies Pool supply in Kernersville I was using the Winston Salem store. I relocated to high Point and began using Leslie Pool Supply in Kernersville. Last summer the clerk "Shawn" was brilliant and very amiable. He was always pleasant and extremely patient. His understanding of the frustrations of the balancing of the pool waters is sometimes present more in the layman then the man with the knowledge and power of the computer. However, this year there is a new clerk and his name is, Kasey. Kasey is rude. I have to say I question his real knowledge of pools and chemicals and the processes in opening the pool. I spent over $500.00 on supplies and chemicals. The vacuum head he suggested did not fit. He was brushing me off with every question I had in regard to replacement parts for my pool cleaning accessories. And, he gave me a chemical to lower my chlorine, which removed all chlorine from the pool and in no time algae was there my pool was emerald green and I still had 3 chemicals to add before the process he gave was complete. When I took the sample to Leslies to remedy the algae growth Kasey said," the water looks clear." (The water is green by reflection of the algae on the pool sides and bottom.) I showed him pictures to help him see the level of green that existed. His comment was, "You really took pictures". While I was there a lady asked about liquid shock, stating the power didn't work as well in her pool. Kasey's response, in a sarcastic and condescending tone was, "Well just mix it with water that makes it a liquid." I was with a friend the first time I was there this season and my friend said when we got to the car, "What was his problem? He was really rude to everyone." I shrugged and tried to brush it off. Putting in the chemicals my son, a micro biologist and chemist asked, "Why are you lowering the chlorine ? Shouldn't you wait till the pool is fully open. Algae could grow." Enough said. It did. Kasey was rude. Yelled in my face when I questioned the lowering of the chlorine before and after the algae incident, saying, "Are u questioning my knowledge. You bring this in here for testing and then you are gonna question my results. Why did you bring it in?" Kasey is in need of some costumer service training or a new job, where he does not deal with the public.]
