[101544677488996531034,100614761487777615247,I'm new to the New Car buying methods. So naturally I did a lot of searching online on the car I'd hoped to buy. I came up with a number that I thought was a fair price and I called most of the dealerships in Florida. Some of the dealerships stated that I was never going to get the car I wanted for the price. Others like David Maus said it wouldn’t be a problem over the phone the salesman (lets call him Sally to protect his integrity) "that price is easy! There will be no problem. You can come pick it out." So I made an appointment with Sally. Picked out the car, had a little test drive, and then started on the paperwork. Sally came and sat down next to my fiancé and I with a piece of paper that had a number on about 1000 dollars more then what we had talked about on the phone, but it did have 0% financing so I was willing to proceed thinking that this would be the deal. Sally then took the paper went into a glass room and talked to some other salesman (Judy). After a few minutes the Sally returned with a different piece of paper with 2000 tacked on to the original sheet of paper. My fiancé and I discussed this with a Sally and Judy for a few minutes. They were unwilling to respect the quoted price over the phone. So after driving 30min down to the dealership, 2 hours on paperwork and test drive we had to walk away. If you are shopping around via telephone (which is a great idea) get the deal in writing have them text or email it to you. After Leaving David Maus (who will never lose your business over PRICE). I made my way to another dealership that had given me a quote over the phone that was only 200 over my original price point. I asked for them to start the paperwork and send me a copy before I made a trip to the east coast. EVERYTHING was great!!! Go to MIKE ERDMAN TOYOTA in Merritt Island. Ask to see either Christopher ( Sale Manager I think) or Dan (our sales guy). They were great on the phone. Once we got there the car was ready the paperwork was exactly the same as the said. There were no hidden fees and if we had any question about anything they were willing to explain it/give us time to read over the document not rushing at all.]
