[102080208916252210746,100154101641736500391,On February 15th I was driving when a rider coming in the other direction was cutting into a turn went straight on with me.. I luckily jumped from my 2005 Honda F4i motorcycle just in time to miss being smashed by the vehicle.. but my motorcycle did not.. and ended up totaling the front end of my bike.. So I towed everything home.. and thought I could fix the motorcycle myself.. And after barely starting in it realized how way over my head I was.. And with tons of electrical problems too boot.. Forgot about my baby for months.. I then came back to it as I could not continue paying $500 a month in gas to commute back and forth to work.. and Put a Plea out on Craigslist to have all my prayers answered by The Awesome Owner and Lead shop Mechanic Tony.. After speaking with him even shortly I knew I finally found someone who had the same compassion for motorcycle's as I did.. and he setup to first come by and check out the problem, and then after assessing that we decided it would be best to tow it back to his shop.. He came with his own truck and trailer and did so, and within a week had a honest upfront estimate.. That was 1/10th the price that another shop by Costco.. (I will not name, but you know who you are..) had given me.. They had given me every option in the world.. Even to allow me to pick it up and do my own work.. but with the price they had charged me.. it would not be practical at all.. and Ill leave the mechanic work to the mechanics.. from now on.. They allowed me to buy my own parts.. which i did and upon receiving a used ECU from eBay.. for $300 instead of the $3000 from the Honda dealer.. My bike was back in business.. and I was back on the road.. Not only will I take my Motorcycle, Dirt bike and girlfriends Wave runners to Motorcycle Zone for all of my Maintenance and work.. but I will bring over any and all friends I have... Because no shop will even compete with the Honesty, and straight forwardness as I was dealt with at Motorcycle Zone. Put me back on the road for close to nothing.. And I was never in the dark about anything.. Thank you so much!! You guys ROCK!!!]
