[103445208888259995293,100424533109800031113,I recently purchased a used Cadillac Escalade from Covert Cadillac in Austin, TX. I live in Houston and I had been looking online for around 3-4 months. I wasn't in any rush to get one as I was replacing an old one, so I was really looking for: a. A good deal. b. One in excellent shape, even though it was a few years old. As someone who has purchased a car online before, I can tell you the biggest obstacle in the process is to get all the "defects" with the car before either flying out to see the car or having it shipped to you. This means you really need to have a person at the dealership go though the car and point out EVERYTHING they see wrong with it. A car a few years old is going to have some issues, its just a matter of determining if these issues are big enough to either kill the deal, or the cost needs to be negotiated down. When I called the dealership I was transferred to Jeff Pray. He sells both new and used cars. In my case he went out to the car, went through it and called back with a report. I explained that before I drove up to Austin, I'd like to know everything wrong with it. He went down to small minor scratches, which are barely noticeable. He then took pictures and text them to me. In addition, I had some questions over the weekend and he responded to every text & call in a very timely manner. Based on his information I decided to move forward with the purchase. He worked with me on a price until I received what I believe to be a fair deal. I drove up the following week and I was actually more impressed with the car than even how he explained it. The items he pointed out were EXTREMELY minor (which is exactly what I had asked for). The only thing we found that he had missed was a small piece of plastic on the sun shade was broken (not something easily found). After the purchase, he followed up and mailed me a replacement to my house! I also noticed a small paint chip on the back bumper. He let me know the next time I'm in Austin, I can come in anytime and they will touch it up for me. Overall it was a very easy experience and I'm very pleased. I would not only recommend Covert Cadillac, but if you are looking to buy I would highly recommend asking for Jeff Pray.]
