[104002158286759581298,100552101303448825179,Nathan did my wedding photos about 4 years ago! He was so amazing to work with, and I am so glad that I was able to hire him. We had a very very small budget, but being an art major at the time, I knew that the one thing that I would not and could not skimp on was photography! We still got an amazing deal with Nathan compared to other artists in his field. He offered an included an engagement shoot and the wedsnaps idea was a hit with our guests! Some of them even still have the photos that he took at our wedding as their profile pictures on FB! Not only are the photos amazing, but he also was so helpful and reassuring on the day of. I had planned an outdoor garden party for my reception in the Bonita, CA area following my ceremony at a church in La Jolla. It decided to rain, for the first time on that date in over 10 years in San Diego. Being a super perfectionist, and a little bit of a Bridezilla, there were several times that I broke down crying during the time that we were supposed to be taking our portrait photos. My new husband did his best to calm me down about the fact that my outdoor reception that I had dreamed of my whole life was being moved indoors to a rec room basketball court, my worst nightmare! But it was Nathan that was able to reassure me that if our beach portrait photos didn't turn out the way I wanted that he would be more than happy to reshoot on a different date. He also explained that he would pull out all the tricks in the book to make the photos of the reception not look like they were taken on a basketball court, and he did! I still don't know how, but there is only one image out of hundreds that you can (only kind of) make out the lines on the floor! Since my wedding, and all that I learned from the mistakes I made in planning it, I have become a wedding planner here in San Diego. I look back on that day with the knowledge that I have gained in the past few years and laugh at my naive self! But one thing is for sure, Nathan saved my wedding from being a disaster in my mind with his organization and willingness to take control of a messy situation! You never know what will happen on the day of your wedding, so having a professional like Nathan already hired to assist with what ever may arise is just a smart idea! As a former bride I absolutely recommend him! And as a wedding professional I endorse him 100%!]
