[110410974924214078108,100727808912061211045,We were very skeptical about starting the car buying experience. You know the joy of the toothpick chewin' car salesman sleaze ball. Soon as you pull on the lot they come running almost knocking each other over trying to be the first one to you. Well thankfully our experience was not like that. We went to Ehrlich Kia about 15 minutes before they were closing (not knowing that they closed at 7). We just wanted to get an idea of what our options were. That is when we met a gentleman by the name of Tyler Stoughton. He was literally on his way to his car about to leave for the day. He took the time to go over a few options that would land in the parameters we had set for ourselves. Also made us aware of the 24 hour test drive option that is available. In addition mentioned that Ehrlich had a few other dealerships in the area and we were welcome to view there websites to see if there were other vehicles we would like for him to have brought to the dealership. (which was greatly appreciated) So from there we set a time to meet with Tyler when the dealership was open. When we met with him he was successful on providing us a few different options that we were interested in. We ended up test driving a 2012 Santa Fe and then ended up taking it on a 24hr test drive. When we returned it we literally dropped it off and then met with Tyler the following day. During the whole process Tyler was very friendly and professional. As far as everyone else I cannot say the same, Sales manager and GM fall right into the categories of what was mentioned earlier and were skeptical of in the first place. His GM better do what he can to hold onto Tyler for he is by far the MVP of this dealership. Therefore if you go to Ehrlich KIA, it would be in your best interest to ask for Tyler and avoid all the clowns! We ended up purchasing the Sante Fe at a far price and Tyler himself took time to make sure the vehicle was detailed before we left the lot that evening.]
