[112812458334617001658,100807624605885030152,- My husband and I joined over a year ago and had a pretty good experience with this gym in the beginning. The price per person per month was reasonable for us at $20 ($40 a month for both of us). We were going to the gym very often, at least 3 times a week. The staff seemed to change fairly often, but the people were always nice. We started to notice more and more that some of the gym equipment was not functioning for weeks in a row, and then it seemed every week we would see more signs up on more treadmills, elipticals, and stairs that said the equipment was not functioning. They were making no apparent repairs or progress with getting the machines replaced. - Another thing I grew to hate about exercising at this gym was that almost every day that I would workout - I would workout in the women's sectioned area near the ladies' locker room. There would ALWAYS be a man cleaning in the women's locker room area. I felt like he never left that area, and it was weird. I never felt threatened by him, I just think it would be more comfortable for the ladies who are exercising to have a woman on the janitorial staff for cleaning in that area. - Now this last part is why my husband and I do not recommend this gym. We had gotten out of our workout routine closer to the end of the year in 2013 due to busy schedules, and we weren't going very often anymore. We kept our membership because we want to workout when we can - and we do not want to pay the large fee they have set for canceling membership (and we would have to pay double for two cancellations because even as a married couple, our memberships are separate - which is another highly unlikeable quality about the way this gym is run). Anyways, we noticed one day that the gym was no longer at the location where we always go - it looks like another gym bought them out or they moved or something. We have not once gotten notification through mail, phone messages, or email about any sort of move or gym closure. I've looked online, and Google still shows that the gym is still in that same spot, but it isn't. We are very unimpressed with their lack of communication with their members and are searching for a new gym.]
