[105238215059645594038,100285421714821165143,Lou Malnati's: Overall, good experience. Pizza is hand-made, quality, interesting stuff. The building itself is seemingly new with ample seating. If you want some good pizza at a cool place, Lou's is the place. See below for uber critical review and why it receives 4 of 5 stars. Critical Details: I am new to chicago style deep dish. Me and my buddy split a small(feeds 2) butter crust pepperoni deep dish. This "pizza" is special and takes decent time to make, so order early and get an appetizer for the 25 min wait. I put pizza in quotes in the previous sentence because it's not really like stereotypical pizza. The pizza is around 5-6 millimeters thick of actual bread, then gobbs of cheese. In fact, the cheese to sauce ratio was very high, around the order of 30:1(in grams) of cheese to sauce. When the pizza was first brought to the table and put on my plate I had no idea how to even attack the thing. As you dig in and start on the slice, usually from what would be the center of the pizza and then moving toward the crust, the pizza becomes exponentially tastier heading crustward. Using my fork, I whittled it down to the crust line plus 1/2 inch of flat pizza section. I then broke that section into 4 parts, and thats when the pizza really tasted best. The pepperoni was thin and I thought for a pepperoni pizza that there would be much more . Overall, especially since i'm new and open to the chicago style deep dish, I give the pizza itself a 7.5/10, as it could use more sauce for the amount of cheese, more flavor, and thicker bread. After the pizza(I had two slices) I was very, very full. This dense deep dish pizza really fills you up! Needless to say, the restroom was calling. The BEST part about the experience at Lou Malnati's was the bathroom. Yes I just said that, and MEAN it. Walked into the restroom, and fell in love. There was music, and it was loud! That is one thing many restaurant owners neglect, the music makes people feel much more comfortable to release a large load of feces without worrying if others heard/felt the seismic waves of the smell expansion, sound, and pressure differentials. The bathroom felt new, was very clean, and nice and small. The only complaint here was the fact that the toilet was too close to the wall, and the toilet paper dispenser was too low!! Like, is it that hard to mount the thing higher so you don't have to awkwardly reach down to get TP while your buttonhole/gooch area is still nasty?? Yeah, didn't think so. Overall, I give the bathroom at Lou's a 9/10, which is considerably higher than 95% of all public restrooms. Bottom line: GO TO LOU MALNATI'S!!! 4 full stars.]
