[103338485589872376941,100701482614662179540,WOW! I've bought lots of cars, new & used, over the years. This has to be the BEST CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE EVER. From my first internet inquiry, through several phone calls, to the dealer visit. WOW! Straight forward internet price quote. Car prepped and ready for test drive on arrival. No hassle or pressure. Minimal negotiation of trade value. I traded 2 older luxury brand SUV's, and their offer was spot on. A little more negotiating made the deal even better. I showed up to buy a Crosstour, they showed up to make it easy for me and to be sure I was more than satisfied. Brian, the Sales Manager, called me the night before just to be sure I had no more questions prior to our appointment. No hype, no hassle. Mark greeted us, showed us the exact car we had discussed, and let us take it for a no pressure, no 'follow my directions' test drive and he answered all our questions about the car. Back at the dealership, we agreed on numbers - hint: I GOT A GREAT DEAL - and sent the car to make ready while we went to the business office to settle up. Adam understood exactly what he needed to do, just the paperwork. We didn't finance, they knew it up front, and he never pushed it. He answered all my questions about warranties, both factory and extended. We selected a great add-on warranty, at a very fair price and tailored to how I use the car. Plus, no big push to upsell dealer add-ons. Plus a great price on the ones I wanted. And none of the it's already on there, we can't take it off bait and switch. Lastly, when the car was done in make ready Mark discovered a minor paint flaw, a bird dropping stain that need to be touched and buffed out. What did he do? He and Brian let us take the car so we could go get lunch, while they pulled another one from stock and got it ready. Later Mark came to the house and switched cars. THEY WEREN'T HAPPY WITH THE FIRST ONE, SO THEY GAVE US ANOTHER ONE! No other dealer had more than one of what I was looking for in stock, some had none. Rusty Wallis had enough inventory to replace a car they weren't satisfied with and didn't want to deliver to a customer. SUMMARY: Rusty Wallis Honda ROCKS! They make a compelling case for dealing with a family owned business and not the corporate owned dealerships.]
