[113262182628122047049,100642945297250901598,I wanted to trade-in my 07 Honda Accord for a new vehicle. I came in on a Saturday night and worked with Mike. He asked me what I was looking for in a vehicle and told him. Due to the time of day, we couldn't get responses back from lenders, but he called me on Monday saying I was approved. I came back in and we checked out vehicles. I test drove a VW Jetta and a Toyota Scion. They were both quality cars. I chose the Jetta because the Scion was light blue, and I prefer black for my cars. Overall it was a good experience and I would recommend the place to anyone. Mike was a nice guy. There were some communication things that prevented it from going to five stars - -I was told over the radio and by Mike the first day I got there that the first payment would not be due until February. When I signed the paperwork, my first payment is due January 23. They could only do 45 days. - Vehicles are not labeled with prices. It took awhile for them to figure out the price on the Jetta. Granted the price was a lot less than what I thought it would be, but it would have been nice when window shopping to see prices. -I did however get more on my Honda than I thought I would, so that was nice. -The cruise control does not work. So I have an appointment next week to get it fixed. I was told that I would not be charged, even though it is not covered under warranty. Hopefully they stick to their word. -When I came in within 24 hours of the purchase to have them look at the cruise control, I said I wanted to maybe look at some other vehicles, as one of the rights of the buyers that they display on the main floor is "if you don't love your vehicle, you can exchange it in 24 hours". I mentioned that to Mike and he said it might be difficult to do since we already submitted the paperwork. As I waited for the tech to get back to me, Mike never followed up on my request to look at other vehicles. I was a little disappointed, but I'm happy with the Jetta, but didn't really have the bells and whistles that I wanted - Satellite radio, better MPG etc. The lady that did my paperwork didn't really seem like she wanted to be there, or maybe I caught her on a bad day. She didn't shake my hand. No customer service, just "sign this" and be out of here. Based on my credit, I had to put down $500 and only got $300 christmas check. So it is almost a wash, but the radio ad was a little misleading. Overall, I am happy with the service and the vehicle and would recommend the place, and I'll probably use them again. I did however feel the entire process was a little rushed to my liking - more customer service and attention to what I was looking for in a vehicle, and more customer service from the paperwork lady. But that is on me - next time when I get a vehicle and use them I am going to come in a list with everything I want and take my time looking for the perfect vehicle.]
