[105874769195220763043,101163017607347881321,Ras Kassa's is one of our family's favorite restaurants of all time. I am rather fond of saying that they not only have the best Ethiopian food I've ever had, but the best food I've ever eaten, period. There is something almost spiritual, yet earthy about eating there. The owners believe strongly in imparting traditional values of sharing a meal. As others have surely mentioned, food is served in a communal fashion, with everyone reaching in with bits of injera bread to take mouthfuls of lentils, or stew, or cheese, or any of many amazing delicacies. When eating there, I feel less like a customer in a restaurant, and more like a guest at a quiet party in someone's home. The owners are always present to see that everything is running smoothly, and everyone is well-fed. They take incredible pride in their work, and when they see people happy and fulfilled, they positively beam with happiness. You don't just get food, you get a philosophy of sharing, community, and hospitality. Don't expect silverware here. And for heaven's sake, don't ask for separate plates when eating in a group - your hosts will be mortified! The food itself is amazing. I have tried literally every food item on the menu, and every single one is perfection. They have both spicy and mild dishes, a great vegetarian selection - nearly good enough to convert a carnivore like myself - and you can even get gluten-free items (including gluten-free injera bread). My recommendation is to go with combination dishes, so you can try a little of everything. It's hard to choose stand-out items from the menu for recommendation, because everything is so good. If you love fish, you'll love it even more after you try Ras Kassa's fish dishes. Those familiar with soul food and southern cooking may be happily surprised to see many familiar ingredients - sweet potatoes, collard greens, and more. But here, you're getting it from the source. And it _will_ feed your soul. Dinner can be a little pricey (about twenty dollars per person), though their lunch buffet is extremely reasonable (ten dollars or so per person, and the same great food). If you can manage a group of ten or more for dinner, you can take advantage of their _incredible_ "Passport to Africa" special where, for eleven dollars per person, you can all try nearly everything on the menu, plus beverages (try their superb honey wine, african wines and beers, or teas and coffees). The passport and combination meals for two or more come with dessert as well, and the desserts are as phenomenal as the rest of the menu. Last night, there was a rich chocolate mousse-style confection, topped with raspberries, that had us scraping the dish. I would put Ras Kassa's food up against any Michelin-rated restaurant, and expect Ras Kassa's to come out on top. I can't recommend this place enough.]
