[100209238510797050411,101040610170001530454,It only gets one star because the general staff were great and all my issues have to do with facilities and management. Where to start. Ok I stayed here this past weekend for the San Japan Anime Convention, and yes this is HUGE so I can let some of my issues slide, BUT since this is not this events first year in this hotel I'm not giving them too much slack because they should have been better prepared this year. Let me begin with my hotel room. It was disgusting. It was so humid and muggy in this room you could have cut the air with a knife. I spent time in many rooms this weekend and only my room felt this way. We had to keep the air in the low 60's to even make the room sleepable. Everything in the room felt damp and moist due to the humidity. I complained several times and nothing was done, I even asked for a dehumidifier (because surely they knew this was an issue) and they brought me a HUMIDIFIER, needless to say I gave up after that. Also I had a large group so we had about 3 rooms under my name and when I checked in they gave me this slip of paper to fill out that basically asked if I wanted room service or not. I choose yes because we had so many people I knew we would at LEAST need clean towels. Welp 2 of my 3 days there we had no clean towels. Why even give me the paper to fill out if you were just going to disregard it???? I also ran an event where we would need urns of hot water. 3 of the erns I got were still dirty with coffee in them and my water was brown!! I had to rush replacements but that was disgusting. One of my companions went to the bar at one point to get a drink, when she paid they ran her card for over $100!!! Then the bar had the audacity to blame the bank and not offer to reverse the charge!!! (side note: I work for a bank thats total BS). We had a huge issue with theft as well this weekend. When we were trying to check out of the hotel my boyfriend and I were the last one in our room to make sure everything was cleared out. When I called for assistance to get my stuff out of the room we waited for over an HOUR for a bell hop to come up to our room. Well, he never came. We went down to the concierge to ask where he was and they said "oh he already came." NO!! We called twice during that hour for assistance, then they tried to feed us a line "well you have to be in the room." We never left the room. And then lastly they said "well we only have one bell hop on duty" Thats where I lost it. When a hotel has an event that attracts THOUSANDS of people and basically sells out their whole hotel, don't you think it would be a good idea to maybe hire EXTRA bell hops on check out day??? This is where the concierge guy just looked at me and said "take it up with management." So I did. While I was trying to talk to the manager about all my issues I kid you not, HE WALKED AWAY FROM ME!!! Not even a word, just walked away. That is unacceptable, I work very heavily in customer service and I have never been treated that way by management. I'm so appalled after this weekend. If it wasnt for the fact that I work for the event that was going on I would NEVER EVER go back to this hotel or any hotel affiliated with them. One of my companions has already tried to submit feedback by phone and got the run around and transferred to many different departments and when she asked for a written confirmation that her complaints were heard and addressed by someone of management they told her no. So now we are just going to take it to corporate.]
