[112387796647135808253,100011424847616982824,The management and customer service at this store is absolutely dismal. Never before have I been treated with such little respect from a store manager. I have insurance for my iPhone that was sold to me by verizon and the replacement phone that I was sent (for $199) apparently had parts missing on the inside that prevented the apple store from being able to replace its battery, which it needed (the tab needed to pull out/replace the battery wasn't there). When I came in and relayed the information that I had gotten from the apple store (where I had initially gone when my phone would no longer hold a charge), the staff was rude and dismissive, making a spectacle of me in the store, calling over other staff, and repeatedly telling me that they were not responsible. This was even before I had asked for it to be fixed or replaced. They were absolutely so preoccupied with deflecting blame onto me that I couldn't even finish telling them what was on the report I had brought from the apple store nor did they offer to provide me any contact information, etc to the insurance company. Instead, I was lectured. It was as if I was an idiot for asking them for help. They finally agreed to do me a "favor" and give me an "upgrade" which would replace my phone (with a 2-year extension of my contract, mind you) for $.99 plus a $29 upgrade fee. However, they did not have my phone in stock, and the only equivalent memory-wise was the 5s (I had a 4s), which would cost $299 plus the upgrade fee. Wanting to get everything over and done with, I agreed to their "favor." As I was rung up, the staff member asked me if I wanted a case, and I said know. The manager, Christian, overhearing this, interrogated me as to why I didn't want a case, rolling his eyes and asking, "where?" when I said I could buy them cheaper elsewhere. When the same issue came up about insurance, he acted as if I was a complete idiot for not wanting insurance on the phone. I said again, no thanks, but I was given a "You a really telling me you don't want insurance on this phone??" I said no, that I didn't want to pay for an insurance policy that sends defective phones that cannot be repaired. He then BERATED me for my attitude and my decision not to have insurance, despite the fact that I had already experienced a half hour of his staff being rude, dismissive, and condescending, while paying out of pocket over three hundred dollars to replace a phone that never had all of its parts anyways. I then was yelled at again when I asked for his district manager's contact information. Frustrated to the point of tears, I left the store with my new phone. If there are any issues with this one, I will be taking my business elsewhere. My advice? I would never step foot into this store if you can help it, especially not if Christian is the manager on duty. I have never experienced worse customer service in my life.]
