[112535993699302675109,101107261264414803881,I had called 8/9/12 to order two side mirrors for my car. When I arrived Friday morning they had only had one delivered. So Courtney offered to only charge me for one mirror, which I thought was WONDERFUL customer service. You do not get that now a days. I was told the other mirrow would be in the following day. I was unable to come the following day but did make it in on 8/14. To my surpise the mirrow that they had delivered was broken. They took the mirror straight in and to the back so I was not sure what was going on. I heard a gentleman make a few calls and then ask a upfront girl to see if she would run to another location to get the new mirror. I was not told what was going on or what they were doing. I had to asked the lady leaving how long she would be gone. To my surprise, it was a 45 minute drive. Did the manager come and explain to me what was going on, no! He just sat at his desk and after I had asked how long this was going to take he got up and walked to the back of the store. The lady did return within 40 minutes with the mirror. I was waiting for them to install it so I could just leave. After about 15 mintues I was told it was installed and just needed to pay and I could go on my way. Upon reading my bill I noticed a charge that said "SU $9.00". Courtney was checking me out, which she is a wonderful young lady,. When I asked about the charge I was told by "John the manager" that is was a fuel charge. I thought it was very unusal but did not question it anymore. Well, once I got home I noticed the mirror they had put in was not put in correct. This will be my THIRD trip to glass master's. John, the manager, took my car back and fixed the mirror. I also asked again about the "SU $9.00" charge and asked what about my gas seeing that I have had to make 3 trips to this place. He just ignored my request. Also, on my receipt it showed that I had purchased one mirror. I asked John, the manager, if he could show that we had actually two mirrors installed and he said yes "IF I PAID NOW FOR THE OTHER MIRROR THAN HE WOULD LIST IT". I told him that was complete bull Sh*t because they has made the mistake and they offered the mirror for free. He jerked the receipt out of my hand and wrote on there 2 mirrors installed. John, the manager, was a very hateful man. He continued to talk down to my mother and myself and treated us as if we had made the mistake. I asked about the general managers name and number and was told they could not give it out???? What business can not give out the general manager name and number? I told him I wanted to speak with the general manager and he took a copy of my receipt and said he would pass it on. I am not going to hold my breath on this one. I will research on my own and find the general manager and report what a horrible person they have working as the manager for Glass Masters at the Blackwelder location. I would suggest going somewhere else if you want to be treated with respect and be treated as a paying customer. I felt sorry for the lady working with John, the manager, because when she offered to help us he gave her the most hateful look. Courtney is a wonderful employee and should be valued but the manager should be replaced or sent back to training. I will NEVER go back to Glass Master even if the mirrors replaced fall out!]
