[111647272270159616973,100840816675013384688,In 2006, I put a deposit on a corner-unit, ocean-view garden apartment with washer and dryer for $1900 though I couldn't see it because tenants were in it. Two days before I was to move in, I was allowed to see the apartment. It was beautiful except for the mess below at the LifeGuard station but I figured I would put up some potted plants on the patio to block it out and look at the ocean. While I was looking at the apartment, the manager told me the apartment was $2100 and if I didn't want to pay it that she had another tenant interested. Why had others seen it before me? Why were they even showing it when I laid down a deposit two weeks ago? We settled on $2000 but she looked at me like she hated my guts. After I moved in, I found workmen standing in my living room after I got out of the shower. Each one told me they knocked and when no one answered, they unlocked the door, came in and just waited for me to come out of my bedroom. They said they were there to let the cable guy in but both times they had the wrong address. This was not a good start. Once I was settled in and the weather was so nice, I tried working at home but the construction across the street was so dusty and loud that I had to close my windows and go back to the office. Evenings or weekends were better when one could sit on the patio, have a glass of wine and look at the water in peace. I loved walking down Washington Street to grab a bite to eat or taking a run along the Marina. The location couldn't be beat. When my lease was up, I was sad to go because every place becomes home after awhile but I got another job transfer. I gave a 30-day notice and the staff did an inspection of my apartment and said it still looked new so I would probably get my cleaning deposit back. I asked if I could use my last month's deposit for my last month and they said no so I paid the last month. The first week of the month, I packed and shipped most of my things but I didn't finish because I had a flight out to where I was being relocated. When I came back four days later, I was locked out of my apartment. I went to the front desk and the manager I dealt with when I moved in told me they threw out the rest of my stuff and cleaned the apartment. I asked how could she do that when I paid until the end of the month and they had a last month deposit? She said they inspected it for a showing (odd since I couldn't view my apartment when tenants were in it) and they thought I left so they clean it and planned on refunding me the difference. There was nothing I could do about my stuff because the trash had already been collected. Ironically, I received a bill from Archstone. I called their corporate headquarters and they did an investigation. The fall out: The manager never reported to Archstone she locked me out early of a paid month, the apartment didn't rent the next month so she used my last month's deposit and when the apartment rented two weeks later Archstone expected to be paid for those two weeks. After their investigation, I got a check for the days I paid when they locked me out early, a check for my last month's deposit and the bill removed from collections. A value couldn't be established for the items that were thrown away so I received nothing. In the end, I wish I hadn't ignored that first warning flag because I found out staff make a commission off how high they sell the apartment and I totally believe that manager threw out my stuff and tried to keep my money and hurt my credit because I negotiated $100/month less than what she could have gotten for that apartment. It was a nice place when I lived there and corporate did fix the problem but the manager was a complete nutcase and I hope they fired her for her actions.]
