[102647847333693514746,101074431052223969286,I have read plenty of reviews about this place on several websites. I went into my stay objectively so I could come home and write a review. It is not correct to classify this as a hotel. It is a guest house, or traditionally speaking, an inn. It has the look and charm you would expect of a place in those categories. It does not fit into the cookie cutter mold of the $89-$109 per night hotel with a free breakfast… and that’s a good thing. We went with another couple and after seeing how different their single-king room was from our single-king room I can only assume every room is unique. I think it’s the perfect place to stay as far as the location. It was less than five minutes to Laffite’s Blacksmith Shop (the effectual end of the Bourbon Street party), ten minutes to Frenchman street, and about the same to Jackson Square. What this adds up to is that it’s very close to the action but just far enough away that you can easily sleep off the night before well into the daytime hours (thanks to the blackout curtains). The office is located on Ursulines, about midway between Royal and Bourbon. The desk clerks I encountered were friendly, attentive, and happy to help. The office is pretty bare bones but they do have coffee and pastries in the morning. There is not a designated place to temporarily park while you check-in but there is a driveway/loading area about 30 feet from the office where you can easily pull over and unload. The parking lot is located about four blocks away at the corner of Kerelec and Chartres. It was $20 per night to park. Remember, you’re in the French Quarter. I was happy to pay $20 to park my car in a neighborhood lot. There is a locked gate on Ursulines next to the office. This opens to a narrow walkway which leads to the courtyard. All rooms empty into the courtyard. There are two opposing buildings on either side with a hot tub at one end. I was going to take a picture but I decided a picture would not really do it justice. As soon as we saw it, my wife and I looked at each other and agreed that the courtyard was “so New Orleans”. Our room was #3, at the entrance end. The other room I mentioned was #5, at the other end of the same building. Both rooms were very modern: new furniture and lighting, a comfortable bed, clean hardwood floor, and updated bathroom. The only thing I noticed that might turn some people off was the gap in our door. To us, this was part of the charm. The bottom line: it was worth the price and I’ll be staying here again.]
