[106892445352475907202,100604962487379218609,I was unsatisfied with a couple of customer service things that occurred during my purchase. First, I was upset with how the financing was handled. I was pressured into financing with the dealership so that the sale could go through that night, which didn't end up being in my best interest. I knew my credit score, and my history, and no one could give me even a rough estimate of what the APR might have been (before I was sitting the office to sign the paperwork). I had already been approved for a lower APR loan through another company, and I said how I would rather do that if the dealership couldn't match the lower APR. I also specifically asked if having my parents co-sign would lower the rate, and the response I got was, "I think it will be fine." It seems like someone could have found a ball-park estimate for me, instead of just assuring me that it would be a good deal. Or maybe someone could have found out what the difference might have been -if any- from my parents co-signing the loan. Or, perhaps talked to me about what the best option for me would have been, instead of just pushing financing with the dealership so that the sale could go through that night instead of the next day. So, because I trusted that the APR rate would have at least been comparable to the one I had told them I could get with the other company, I ended up paying the fee to finance with the dealership. Which ended up being for nothing, since I will have to refinance with someone else in order to get the lower APR. I was also upset about the tires, and how that was handled. I specifically asked what ply the tires were on two different occasions- once while test driving the vehicle, and once at the dealership, and I never received an answer. The sales person said that he would check, and somehow, never did. Additionally, I did explain the reason why I wanted the truck- which was to go off-road in the mountains- and still no one ever mentioned to me that the truck came with two-ply tires. It seems like the sales associate would have known, or at least mentioned that fact. I would have liked to know that information before I was actually driving the truck away, so that I could have either planned my finances differently (in order to buy the tires I wanted), or worked something else out entirely. Being a first-time buyer, I feel like I was taken advantage of, and that my best interest was not a priority. It seems like pertinent information was kept from me in order to make the sale. I assumed that if I was open about my concerns, that the sales associate and manager I spoke to would have been more upfront and honest with me about resolving them. But, that didn't turn out to be the case. I would recommend anyone buying a vehicle at this location do your financing elsewhere, and make sure that you do your research. Turns out making the sale might actually be more important than finding out what's best for you, so look things up yourself, don't expect a straight answer from the dealership. Don't be bullied into doing something that might not be in your best interest- honestly, if they say they're not going to give you the price that you just spent and hour and a half agreeing on unless you buy it that night, walk away. There are other places. And it's not worth feeling like you've been taken advantage of or lied to after the sale has taken place...it just doesn't sit well.]
