[113025547780674998596,100106965730581995363,I can't wait for my lease to be up this spring. It's a horrible place. I don't blame the maintenance for being slow, it's because the apartments are not taken care of in the first place from management. The maintenance staff is always running around trying to keep up the best that they can. For example during this Polar Vortex there have been several apartments without heat. A friend of mine lives a few buildings over and she's been without heat for 3 days now; they had to buy space heaters themselves to stay warm... So their most recent solution to fix heating (because they ran out of replacement valves for heaters) was to take existing valves from vacant apartments to use as replacements. Well those vacant apartments had no heat and pipes burst. The vacant apartment next to mine had its pipe burst. It sounded like a river when I came home last night after work. My kitchen was flooded with 2 inches of dirty brown water. And my hallway was soaked. I called the main office several times and no one answered and eventually had to run over there and tell someone about the problem. Maintenance came right over (Really nice guys) and shut the water off next door. I was told there shouldn't be any issue and that I could clean up the water (no mop and bucket was given to me) luckily I had a wet-vacuum. Water kept seeping over to my apartment and dirty brown puddles kept forming. I tried to call maintenance (after hours around 530PM) per the emergency line and left a voice mail. No one got back to me and no call back at all today. I spent all night vacuuming the water that kept seeping over. I finally call the office today while at work and expressed my concern about the soaked hallway carpet, kitchen floor that had standing water and questioned the wall that I shared with my neighbor that had water running under it all night… My concern is of mold… and I was told that they would have maintenance look at my apartment then they would decide if carpet can be replaced. She also told me they had multiple pipes burst throughout the complex. I can foresee that this will be a LONG battle with a horrible management staff. Prior to this problem, it took management 2 months to fix a moldy ceiling in my bathroom that I requested be repaired multiple times ( I eventually had to go to the office for 2 weeks straight and request in person to have something done). The outside light has been broken for 2 months, despite my request of having it repaired so that it is easier to find my keys and unlock my door when I come home late from work. You’re better off fixing broken closet doors yourself. It is the cheapest place to rent in Odenton, but you get what you pay for. I would not recommend this complex to friends and families. Before this flood thing happened, I still was not satisfied by how the complex was managed or the upkeep of my actual apartment. They showed me a lovely model apartment and told me I could have one of the renovated ones but by the time I had to sign a lease they told me “they were all out”. I was moving back to MD from out of state and had a deadline to start a new job so I just took what they had. BIG MISTAKE. Save yourself a headache and look somewhere else.]
