[109711828336988703974,100613124476888050652,Outstanding. I went in to Frisco Eye Clinic three days ago for the first time for an eye appointment with Dr. Buthod and I have to say: This man is a wizard. I went in for a routine visit expecting an ordinary appointment with a typical blank-faced doctor. The experience of having lenses selected was, however, nothing short of inspiring. In the space of two or three minutes, it felt like we went through hundreds of lenses as he honed in on a lens that might improve my vision, every time, his assessment becoming finer and finer, and with every manner and hallmark you might expect from a person of the very finest training and skill possible, which he had. My vision turned out to be pretty good, but since I was there, we decided to see if he could improve it anyway, which of course he did. The lenses he found were actually a remarkable improvement, and equipped me with vision that seemed impossible to me as I switched back and forth between the machine and my ordinary vision to make sure it wasn't some sort of illusion. In addition to his skill, this doctor had the moral character and integrity on top of it to point out without pretense that glasses for me from this store were in no way a necessary purchase, my vision being good enough without them. I decided to get them anyways, being much cheaper for me to buy now in case I might need them more down the road thanks to my insurance which is soon to expire. In choosing frames, I was also pleasantly surprised and impressed by the services of Jason Crump, the optician, who had helped me to pick out a frame that suited my facial structure and style. This was also no ordinary experience: he did not once try to suggest a frame simply because it was more expensive, but instead suggested several frames at various prices and makers to suit my taste and features. On top of this, when I came back to purchase them, and he was not present, when one of the salespeople there came up with a higher overall figure for the price, and I inquired about the price he had quoted, he called back the very next morning to honor the quote he had given a few days before. This is why I am giving a review at a full five stars: in an era where dubious pricing schemes and cheap two-bit salespeople are commonplace in the healthcare industry, the people at Frisco Eye Clinic defied what is becoming the unfortunate stereotype of the healthcare industry with the incredible quality of their service, and the care and attention to detail with which they ensure the considerable quality of their products.]
