[108554559406623644159,100793184713300434926,I visited this location for the first time on March 15, 2013, at 6am, and was met with the most beautiful, modern decor. However my experience at the Pharmacy was a disgrace. The Pharmacist on duty, Russell, was speaking with a male customer when I approached and continued to carry on a conversation about his treatment towards a homeless woman who visited the store recently for approx. 10-13mins. And when Russell finally said his goodbyes to this customer I walked to the counter to present him with my script;needless to say, I expected the same friendly persona but received nothing. I had to greet him initially with "good morning". Russell typed my info in the computer, asked for my DOB, the usual formality....then Russell stated that Walgreens has a new policy that he wasn't sure if I knew about. Apparently, per Russell, this policy requires all pain Rxs be called into the doctor for authorization AND that the doctor provide a daignosis and reason for the Rx PLUS he informed me this could take 1-2 days and proceeded to ask me if I wanted to still leave it with him. Huh?! Despite my 1 1/2 year history of getting this exact script filled at Walgreens, Russell held firm to this obvious lie and went even further to insult my intelligence by apologizing and that it's a new policy. I knew instantly that he was not being truthful and, for whatever reason, did not want to fill my script. It wasn't fraudulent or suspicious, and neither was I. I took a 25min cab ride to this 24hr store location hoping to fill my script before work, only to be lied to directly to my face because Russell felt like playing God, Judge and Mr. Deceit for reasons that I am still unclear about. These Pharmacists are taking it upon themselves to determine who should and should not get a script filled in their store based on their own ignorance and prejudices and it is punishing loyal Walgreens customers like myself. Well, I went to a different Walgreens and had my script filled that same morning and not one word was mentioned about this "new policy" that required my doc's authorization and explanation for my medication....and when I asked about this "new policy" this Pharmacist had no idea what policy I was referring to - maybe because this policy was invented upon my arrival at Russell's Walgreens. This store may be a beauty on the exterior but the service I received was dishonest and it's people like Russell, with their hypocritical stereotypes, that allows the real junkies to continue doing what they do.]
