[104306671601243187731,100288052189487542442,They argued with the insurance company for two weeks, trying to raise the amount of the repairs. During this time, the representative chosen to help us, K., went to training for a number of days while he was supposed to be working on our case. No other rep took over the handling of our case. We only received communication after leaving multiple messages for the rep via email and phone. He felt that updating us once every week and a half was more than sufficient. During the time that our car was in their shop, there was a hailstorm, and our car was damaged again. I know that, as he insisted, they're not in control of the weather, but a call notifying us of the damage so I could file a separate claim would have been nice. He didn't even see the hail damage (because he wasn't paying attention to detail) or tried to pass the vehicle off to us at handover without mentioning it. He argued with my husband in the parking lot for about a half an hour about whether or not they should have called us. There were smudges of compound remaining on the car, and the gas tank shield was not properly placed. Shoddy service, shoddy everything, and an argument and hail damage during the time my vehicle should have been in my garage to boot. They didn't even bother to wash the car for us. This all sounds like tiny petty stuff but it added up real quick. I won't go back to them if at all possible, and I recommend that anybody else who wants their car to be repaired be prepared to hound their rep and carefully inspect the vehicle afterwards, and prepare to rent a car for two weeks while they try to get more money out of your insurance company. He actually had the gall to say we should remember when reviewing their customer service survey that they gave us the car back "a day early". In actuality, it was ready the day *before* that but the rep neglected to call us until after it was too late to pick up the car. As for the actual repairs...who knows. Time will tell.]
