[108364902988340007518,100453932172971854966,My girlfriend and I recently stayed here for a weekend getaway for our 2nd anniversary. Our overall experience was 'Good' with some minor issues. We unfortunetly did not have time to enjoy the pool or rooftop bar, but the hotel did offer sunrise yoga and massages. We also did not order from the in-room dining menus. Valet/Parking; Poor; $48.00 per night is obscene, and if we had not been staying more than a quick weekend trip I would have chosen a different hotel!! Additionally, this was the worst experience of the trip. At check-out I called 15 minutes prior to have our car pulled around from the valet. When we arrived at the valet kiosk no one was there and our car was not out front. We waited 5 minutes for the valet to come back, at which time he took our keys and finally pulled around our car despite calling earlier. When I looked at my rear wheel well there was a noticable chunk of paint missing, when I pointed this out to him he insisted it had been there before. Check-In: Excellent; We checked in around 4:00 PM so there were no lines to deal with, bell hops were great, especially with a suitcase containing fragile items. Check-in took us less than 5 minutes and we were in our room. The front desk was helpful and informative. Room: Good; We requested a room with a king sized bed and got a room with a king sized bed. No complaints there. WIFI is $13 a day, they do however offer complimentary WIFI in the lobby. We did not use either so I cannot comment on speed. The issues to note were that the make-up mirror in the bath was missing a screw and felt as though it was about to fall off the wall, also the bedside wireless phone, despite indicating charging, did not work properly. Location: Excellent; Only two blocks from the US Congress Building we were able to easily walk to all of the various museums and memorials/monuments we came to see. We used taxis twice for dinners and the rates were fair not exceeding $15. Dining: Good; We ate dinner in the hotel restaurant on Friday evening around 8:00 PM. Despite there being 8 empty tables in the restuarant the maitre d informed us that no tables were available for the two of us to have light appetizers. There were two spaces at the bar being vacated so we took those. The food was excellent and cocktails delicious. Avoid the complimentary chips given to the tables/bar, they were stale and overseasoned. Check-Out: Excellent; Express check-out by calling the front desk and notifying them is available and I would recommend taking advantage of it. There was a long line in the lobby to checkout and we were able to bypass that.]
