[106644574482162771019,100000705161752896962,In the process of collecting quotes from area companies to replace our out dated system we didn't feel comfortable with any one company that came to our house with all the confusing information and at time misleading. We decided to reach out to Blanton's because they serviced our old system in the past and have always been professional on each visit. Blanton's sent James to our home to go over our needs at his visit James was very professional in explaining what our home would require through the measurement of each room to get a true reading on the square footage. He took the time to sit with use and explain the several different options available to us that will meet our needs without going over the top. James is a great asset to Blanton's and set the tone for our decision making process, thank you James. A few days later a crew of three arrived at our home. Again very professional and courteous in every way and they went right to work. To Stephen, David and Wayne thanks guys you are a tremendous asset to your craft and Blanton's they did an outstanding job while in our home keeping it all professional and clean every day. We also had a visit by a follow up service technician Keith who checked the system after install and ran it through its paces to confirm all was working as it should, again very professional. We had noticed that our Thermostat was incorrect for our install and Blanton's Tonya immediately scheduled a tech to our home to outfit the correct thermostat, thank you Laxavier and Tonya for your professionalism. I would be remised if I didn't mention Lori involved with Blanton's team of pros, thank you all for your wonderful service and professions. I can only say to those who are getting a bunch of useless information from other company's and not the piece of mind when it comes to making a decision of this size please call Blanton's before you decide and you will not regret it, we haven't and are extremely satisfied. To Blanton's as an organization Thank you ALL very much the Foderaro's]
