[102523663683835576612,100923007700455627039,I would not recommend this complex to anybody, even if I had a sincere hatred towards that individual. I had the absolute worst experience living here. First, and foremost, the facilities weren't up to par. Please don't let their website fool you. There is only one floor of the entire building (16 floors) that has actually been remodeled. I was lucky enough to have been placed in an updated complex, some of my other friends were not. However, the management may have been the worst part of my experience. Connie, the front desk "administrator" may have been the most cantankerous, foul, and disingenuous individual I have ever encountered in my professional career. The beginning of my experience began with me arriving to the complex at 2:30 AM from a days worth of travelling, only to find that my garage door opener was not left for me in the lock box. After parking on the street and bringing my luggage into the complex, I found that the key that Connie left me was to somebody else's room as I walked in on them as they were asleep! When I asked for a garage/rent concession for the stress I encountered, she began to become impetuous, yelling and snapping her hands at me while in the front office. Throughout the remainder of the summer, similar instances occurred. In particular, I was able to find a young woman to take over the remaining month of my lease (and extend a new lease through the year) so that I was able to move back home without incurring the cost of an apartment that I would not be occupying. The woman had her application signed, deposit paid, and move in date set (all of which I can confirm). Although I had already paid the remaining rent due on the lease, Connie told me that I would be reimbursed the prorated difference from the date that the new girl was moving into the apartment. Weeks went by and I never heard from Connie. When I called, guess what she told me? The girl never moved in, and Connie never bothered to let me know! I could have had another friend of mine move into the complex during this time to ride out the remainder of my lease. In fact, Connie was unwilling to pass along the girl's deposit to me in order to help me cover the cost I had already incurred in paying for the rent. Summary: Park Place MADE money off of me trying to find them a new resident to take over my lease. Multiple occasions I asked Connie if I could speak to her superiors to discuss the number of issues I was having. She simply responded "I am the superior" and was unwilling to release to me the owners contact information for the complex. Again, the management at any complex can make or break your experience in a facility. This is one complex I would never recommend to anybody. I'd look at living in the East Village or in West Des Moines. This is one place you WILL REGRET. Obviously, I took enough time out of my day to write this review, please take it into consideration before signing a lease with Park Place.]
