[110886977074328144051,100782798650441311982,We arrived and were seated right away. Unfortunately, we were seated under a line of about 8 air vents that were blowing cold air (cold day). We asked our current server to be seated elsewhere and she said that was no problem. She told us we would have to go back into line and wait for another open seat (they didn't look that busy) when one became available. She then went to another table of about 6 or 8 and began taking their orders. Since it was so cold, we flagged down another employee to get the manager so we could be reseated sooner and NOT have to wait in line again. The manager came and we explained our situation. Within about a minute, we were asked by an employee to follow him to our new table which was MUCH better. Problems over.............well, not really. We ordered our food and when it came, my steak was perfect. My fathers steak was medium (lots of pink inside) when he ordered medium well (barely any pink). They offered to redo his steak and he kept his baked potato. The next steak came and it was medium rare (lots of pink with a hint of blue). The server admitted it looked worse than the first one. It got sent back again and he kept the second potato. The same steak was refired and when we got it back, it was beyond well done (no pink, all grey and very dry). No potato this time. My father then asked for a chopped steak instead. The chopped steak came and was done perfectly along with a new potato. Now, you might question why we rated the service and food as excellent. The food was excellent when done correctly. The service was spectacular as there was absolutely NO issue with our server or with the manager with having to serve one dinner 4 times. We told them that it's not always the mistake that is made, but how you handle the mistake. These guys handled it very professionally and with courtesy. In the end, my fathers meal was comp'd but we tipped well as result. The manager realized that they cooks in the back needed further training and we agreed. This particular issue was handled 100% correctly and professionally so that is why service gets an excellent rating.]
