[110771443779923161668,100714453493435547783,Ok heres my story. I bought a 2010 Subaru STI from these guys and I ask if they had an inspection report done to the vehicle. Guy told me they can't give me a copy but showed me a piece of paper that just said "clean". Carfax shows it doesn't have any accidents or whatnot but carfax to me don't mean ****! Anyway I went ahead and bought the car from them. Two days later I started noticing hesitations during acceleration so I brought the car to another shop that I know of that specializes on STI's. They did a compression test and found out cylinder number 2 had low compression and immediately told me to take the car back to the dealer and have it inspected. So I took the car back and told them what happened and stuff. I told them that if they can't fix the car I want my trade in back and the sales guy just started giving me all these attitudes saying there's nothing wrong with the car and they didn't need to do a compression on a 2010 vehicle. I told the guy it had 90k miles for a 2010! AND the car was previously modified to where it didn't have a catalytic converter!! Geez thats wayy over the average! So I told them they need to fix everything and then said they would be willing to but they refused to give me a rental!! Had a little confrontation with the sales guy until he finally said he will give me a rental. Not my fault they sold me a bunked car which is there resposibility to repair. Fast forward one month later after headaches and frustration over who was in charge of repairing the vehicle (told me crosspoint the car auction sold jordan the car and was a "guaranteed" vehicle), they took it to Lithia Subaru to get repaired. Lithia would not give the repair invoices done to the vehicle due to me not hiring them. So I asked jordan motorz and they wouldn't give me the info either! I had no way of getting it from Crosspoint because they only deal with dealers and not private party. Finally the car was done at Lithia and I drove it home. Now here's the second bad news.. The car BROKE DOWN AGAIN 3 days later!! FML.. Took the car back to my shop and had reinspected and told me now cylinder number 4 has 0 COMPRESSION!! WTF!? Okay so I went back to Jordan and told them what happened so they insisted I bring it back to Lithia Subaru cause now they are blaming Lithia. Had the car towed back to Lithia and they would not work on it since there was no warranty work issued on the cylinder 4 side since they didn't touch it. So a battle issued upon Jordan Motorz, Crosspoint and Lithia. Lithia is accusing me of "rallying" saying a ton of brake dust on the wheels.. BUT THE CAR WAS IN THERE SHOP FOR A MONTH!! Not even washed since day one I bought it!! Nobody is able to help me out with my car.. I keep asking jordan for a copy of the invoices from subaru and finally I was able to get one. Luckily I bought a warranty program for the vehicle so I will use that as my last option to repair the vehicle knowing Jordan Motorz will NOT take responsibility for any repairs. These guys are CROOKS just like everyone else says and they just want your money and leave you hanging! DO NOT DO BUSINESS HERE!! This is my ONLY warning!! They have a F rating on the BBB!! I will post more reviews elsewhere to warn everybody.. Oh one other thing I forgot to mention. The two cars Jordan loaned me while my car was in the shop had PROBLEMS as well. The battery on the chevy impala was pretty much to dead and I wasn't able to start the car a few times plus the windshield wipers STOP working on me. Second car they loaned me was a toyota highlander and it had BAD axles!! Both of these cars were going for sale on there lot! This place is not a hit and miss..]
