[108215880167720601260,100017947270678740091,I have never seen that kind of attitude to patients before. First of all Dr.Goodman's office imposes strict policy - if you are late 2 times - they will refuse to provide you the service and you will have to look for another doctor. And when you come for the first time you sign a paper that states it. You like it? Well, it's just a beginning... Keep in mind that it takes days or even weeks to change a doctor with insurance companies. So if you get late, you might get stuck with a doctor that refuses to see you. The office manager - Maria was rude from the beginning and did everything for us not to come there again. She literally kicked my wife with my 10months old son out of the office just because she refused to completely undress my son for weighing. He had runny nose and my wife wanted to keep at least a thin bodysuit as it did not really matter that day for a follow up visit after pneumonia. Actually we just wanted to make sure that the pneumonia was gone and expected the doctor to check new X-rays first. My wife asked Maria to ask the doctor if completely undressing is a must. She came back and said that it's a must and if we 'do not cooperate with the nurse' the doctor will not see the child. When my wife asked to see him personally she was told that the doctor 'has nothing to discuss' and we either cooperate or leave. My wife insisted that she wants to see the doctor personally and will not leave because the child is sick and we spent the whole morning waiting. Maria threatened that she is going to call security and police and that we must leave. We were shocked and decided to leave. Do you think that's professional, ethical or at least humane? I don't. Do yourself a favor and never go to Mr. Goodman. PS. We had to call several doctors that day and could not see anyone because insurance company requires a few days to change a doctor. We just moved to California from New York where we had an amazing doctor Rafik Khaimov, professional, caring and just a Good person.]
