[117031595923032503617,100006363947991999723,I have a few complaints about this store. #1 This store has been open long enough to know what sells and when. If you go into the store to buy something and there is absolutely nothing on the shelves time after time, someone isn't doing their job. As an example, the pet food section. It isn't unusual to find nothing at all on the shelves, especially on traditional high sales days like the first of the month and Fridays. Certainly they KNOW these are very high sales days. Someone in charge of ordering isn't doing their job. The same goes for all the other departments as well. #2 Garden Department. Our growing season is different than other parts of the country, but the company responsible for stocking plants and trees does a poor job. We have a much longer growing season than many parts of the country, but vegetable plants are brought in at the very beginning of the season, and that's it. With many weeks left for planting, there is nothing to buy. The selection is pitifully small too. There are more vegetables that will grow here besides peppers, tomatoes, zucchini and eggplant. Fruit trees should be planted during the colder months, NOT during the summer, but that's when you can find the largest selection. Poor ordering once again. #3 Employees While the employees are friendly enough, there are far too few of them. Long lines at the checkout and the service desk are really a pain in the neck. Most of the cashiers are pretty good and do the best they can, but there are a few who chat with the customers non stop, and that slows down the whole line. They seem oblivious to the frustration expressed by the people waiting in line. In addition to problems at the check-out and service desk, it's sometimes very hard to find someone to help. They may be really busy trying to get stuff on the shelves and aren't pleased to be stopped in the middle. For instance, the dairy cases. If I want something, but the space for that product is empty, but I can actually see cases stacked in the back, through the glass, I naturally want someone to get it for me. Just NOT enough employees to keep the store stocked. The store is clean, the prices are fairly reasonable, but the people of not only Pahrump, but all the smaller, surrounding communities DEPEND on THIS Walmart for so many things. If Walmart doesn't have it, it might mean a trip to Las Vegas and a trip of 150 miles or more to find what we need. When Walmart came to our community, a lot of smaller businesses closed. That's really too bad, but new businesses are opening. That means that Walmart isn't our only choice any more. So listen up Walmart. If you plan to serve this community that you've moved into, you need to do a much better job, for US.]
