[100677441382330408633,101073777719460224535,Ok so this place is probably the absolute worst gym i've ever been too. Now if you want a gym that has machines and a basketball court and a pool you might find this place bearable, and i hope it's only because its REALLY REALLY Close to where you live. Now, i've been a member at planet fitness across the street and i wanted to try this gym out. Ive visted the one in new hyde park (i think it's called lake success) which was fine and awesome. I came into this centereach location with 2 freinds and 2 guest passes. I told the young lady in the front and she called over someone named Shawn. Now i know it's his job to make sales and with what sales capabilities he had he tried to push membership on us. Yeah i sure don't have a problem listening to him and entertaining his ideas for 10-15 mins or 20. This guy Shawn and the assistant general manager John (small stumpy looking fella) spent 45 mins telling us why we should join. I told them i just wanted to try the gym out and they kept insisting for me to choose a plan. This got uncomfortable QUICK. All 4 of us were waiting for over 45 minutes listening to me saying not right now a 100 different ways. Honestly, is that how you make a sale? Make the customer uncomfortable for 45 minutes? Really unprofessional. At the end they finally got the message (rather they gave up). John the assistant manager said "just give them their passes we don't have time to deal with this bs". Yeah. That made us feel totally awesome! Now bear in mind they called my phone at 8 am the next day after i printed out my passes. And when i called them back they said they were busy and to call back in 1 hour, ha. I also asked the lady if my cousin needed a parent to sign him in or would i do (im 21) she said it was fine. So anyways, after John insulted us and left Shawn proceeded to activate our passes, putting two people to a pass (one for the guest pass owner and one for his guest) as it said on the website. Now he wouldn't put my cousin on my pass because he was under age. I could see they were so elated that now they might be able to deny us access because we needed to get my cousins parents in. Now to their dismay my cousins dad showed up in 5 mins and we proceeded to the front desk (the same lady who told us we didnt need a parent to sign my cousin in) told us that it was only 1 person per pass. She signed 3 of us in, with only two passes because she didnt realize that shawn had activated two per pass. She argued with me for 5 minutes and said fine we could go in. Oh and by the way, my cousins Dad came in and he was not asked one single question or asked to sign any waivers. Now think of it, if my little cousin whos 15 got hurt while working out who's liability is he? The staff is careless. What really puts me off is that if you're choosing a gym and you will be coming back here many times a week you would want the staff to be helpful and polite, rather condescending right? Stupid questions i guess. Now we did finally get access (without a waiver being signed for my underage cousin). We used the facilities and had a decent time. The locker room is absolutely disgusting. You have to bring your own lockers unlike nicer LA fitness' where they have a keycode where you can enter in your own number. They also don't have anyone supervising the locker rooms like the other LA fitness'. The smell was aweful and every locker had clothes/trash and was not locked. The place was a dump. The gym was really empty and for good reason, who wants to come to this dump anyways. If you want to pay 40-50 dollars a month for terrible service, mediocre facilities you should love this gym. Go for the cheaper planet fitness. It get's the job done. And once again, i beg anyone trying to come into this gym with a guest pass to stay far far away. They will harass you, and raid you with offers for long amounts of time. Is it worth it? Nope.]
