[111671523653671199900,101018661288066735350,This store has a horrid reputation among it's workers. I graduated from college with my technical degree and applied here. It took months to simply reach a manager, even if I went there on foot several times. They would always be too busy to see me for some reason or another. They moved my interview no less than three times the first time I had applied. Then did not even let me know they hired a current employee already, when I went in. The second time I applied I had the interview moved only once, though this time I made it in. After waiting over an hour after being there perfectly on time, they asked me very few PC tech related questions, and more personal questions than anybody should have to ask. I felt like they were joking with me. One of the two managers simply kept turning red and looking away. It was horribly rude. I was told they would call me whiten two weeks to tell me if I had earned the position with Geek Squad. I ended up calling them, as I received no call. Finally after many attempts I had reached a third manager, whom told me that the spot was filled by a current employee yet again. Online the job opened a third time right after I was told this(not shocking, that the ones they hire do not last long), and despite my feelings toward the people there I kept on for I really need a job. They sent me an email saying that I was simply "denied because my qualifications were not up to standard for Geek Squad". How could this be true? As I had just done this and they were plenty fine then? Fact of the matter is, they hire their friends, and fill decent spots with people that they want regardless of skills. Probably based more on looks, than ability. People in that store hardly smiled at the Geek Squad desk and were rude to the customer that came in. When that angry at a job, I see now, why that particular store has such awful reviews when it is filled with people that do not give a damn about the customer, or whom is hires in general. I recommend you go to another electronics store for your business. I know I am burning my theoretical chance at earning money there, but I believe in better business ethics that was our teacher's main goal in college. Do not waste time with such a backward group of people that lack the professionalism and customer empathy, but rather go to Frys electronics. Or at least a different best buy. Feel free to ask me anything else. I have been scorned plenty by this store.]
