[107854569096696170552,100392160563882248299,this is the email i have writen to BMW after terrible service. sales team was fine, servicing is horrible. I have brought my car in for servicing 4 times and now will have to bring it in a 5th time. Never have they completed the work they say or are supposed to and now my car is unsafe to drive and I have to have my girlfriend drive me to and from work because I have no means of transportation. I brought it in 3 months ago for a full servicing, waited 3 hours and was told everything was done from oil change to air filter replacement as well as a recall for the battery. I then call about 2 weeks ago for a nail in my tire. They tell me bring it in with no appointment needed. When I get there I am sent back home and told I need an appointment (unprofessional). I bring it back the next day and the service provider tells me they didn’t do any servicing as promised last time and didn’t replace the recall due to no part. None of this was communicated to me. All they did was a low annual oil. So what was I there for 3 hours for? They replace my tire and I bring it in a 4th time. This time they replace 2 more tires for a total of 3 new tires and tell me it needs an alignment for $198. I don’t understand why but agree to it because I used to trust BMW. I take my car home as the service center is closing and as soon as I reach 30mph the car begins vibrating and the steering wheel shaking violently. When I get to 40mph the car is no longer drivable and I have to drive with my 4 way flashers on to get home for my safety and the safety of the other driver on the road. Never had I had an issue before I brought my car in for servicing like this. I work 70 hours a week on night shift and get very few days off (I do this in order to be able to afford a BMW). I’ve spent all my days off just trying to get a simple servicing and tire replacement done. This should have taken 2 trips not 5. Not only are they wasting my money but yours as well. My family and I have owned 8 BMW's but never have we witnessed such poor servicing. I’m disgusted to say the least. I am expecting my money back for the alignment and the tires to actually be balanced this time. Thank goodness I didn’t get in an accident driving home. Thank you in advance for your concern.]
