[104302901551338093175,100657324484560731356,I could go on and on about my recent dealings with this place but here's a few points from my BBB complaint: (Our daughters are 8 and 9 and were to attend in June 08) *Both girls told us, seperately, that when they asked to use the restroom they were told to "squat in the stall" or use the outhouse. the outhouse consisted of makeshift walls against a tree, an upside down bucket, yellow pages for tissue and a shower curtain for a door. When they asked about washing their hands they were told there was no where to do so. *I don't know what parent would in good concious leave their child at a facility that depended on other children providing supervision. Adult supervision was expected and did not occur. the camp "workers" are 12 years old. both girls told us they spent most of their day riding through the woods with either no on around or with one of the child 'workers' *We were there for more than 30 min. when dropping the children off waiting for an adult to come greet us. When we returned to pick up the children, there was no adult in sight, we wandered around the barn and fields for at least 15 minutes before we discovered our children ourselves....through several gates behind a line of trees, in the pasture WITH THE HORSES by themselves and with no adult in sight. I started knocking on doors until I found the adults who were completely clueless as to why we were so upset...the owner said 'they know not to go in there' I explained that's why kids need adult supervision especially around large, potentially dangerous, animals... Again, I can't tell you how appalled I was to find the children in the condition that this so-called 'horse back riding camp' operates. My children will never return and I will continue to tell others about this horrible experience. I have filed complaints with the BBB, health department and zoning administration (we found out the business is operating in a residential zone and without a business license). **P.S. I did get ahold of the owner, Ed Hood, and he did refund our money.]
