[104780570861742216747,100067659473538490788,As many reviews have stated, I was very surprised by all of the low reviews on Homemakers. In the last year, I've spent a lot of money on new furniture pieces and had fairly good service up to this point. However, two months ago in June, I placed an order for a bedroom and living room set. Delivery was two weeks ago and we got everything except for one night stand. We called Homemakers Customer Service and were told that they were rush processing it and would deliver it for free two weeks later. Two weeks have passed and we have not heard anything. So I called the Customer Service Department again and was forwarded onto the Merchandise Department. I called at 4:55pm and sat on hold for 10 minutes before it finally went to an answering machine said that the Department closes at 5:30pm. I looked at the clock and it was 5:05pm. I don't know about you, but I certainly cannot leave my job 25 minutes early. So I hung up and called again and asked the Customer Service rep to check into the issue for me since there were no Customer Service or Merchandise Managers there. The first Customer service representative told me that it would probably be later October before we would receive our night stand. I'll do the math for you, that would be 5 1/2 months to receive a night stand that was supposedly in stock the day we ordered it. I asked to talk to whoever was highest up the food chain in the store that could give me some kind of answer. I was forwarded on and talked to another Representative that told me that she really didn't have an answer for how long it would take. After explaining that I was starting to feel frustrated by this situation, the lady on the phone actually started laughing about it on the phone as she supposedly was taking down a message to have someone contact me in the morning. So to update on the situation, I've called twice and left two messages with the Merchandise Department. I've called and left two messages with the Customer Service Reps to have a Manager contact me. I've sent an email through their website "Contact Us" tab. All of which has been unanswered. As of right now I've also contacted the Iowa Consumer Protection Agency and will be making a contact to a consumer protection lawyer if a positive answer is not given to me tomorrow. I will be going into the store tomorrow after work to talk with someone. Like I said, this is the first time I've ever had this kind of trouble with Homemakers, but it has been the worst experience I've ever had with a company. All I really want is a straight answer of when my night stand is going to be delivered. If the item is discontinued then just give me my money back. It's that simple. As others have said, in the future the only way I'm buying from them again is if I can physically take it the day I order it.]
