[117604613973662291359,100025511568237046215,I have been going to Bear Tooth since I was in middle school. For over 10 years I have greatly enjoyed the food and movies here. Over the past year though, both here and Moose's Tooth, the service has been getting worse. By worse, I mean douche-y. No matter the time of day, it seems that service is completely dependent on whether or not you are a friend of the employee. It is has become commonplace to have servers, staff, hostess, and ticket takers that are short, rude, snappish, and un-willing to be understanding to people who are hard of hearing. Recently I visited the Bear Tooth to see a movie with my husband, who is hard of hearing. He placed our food order by pointing on the menu. When our order came out during the movie, it was incorrect. That alone, is not a big deal, stuff happens, I use to be a server. I walked out of the movie to return the entree and politely asked for the correct entree to be sent out (a burrito instead of tacos). When presenting my receipt as proof of purchase, I was confronted by a young woman who proceeded to ask multiple questions in a confrontational manner about my order. When she located my ticket to match up with my receipt to prove that it was ordered, I was told rudely, "Fine, we'll take care of it" and was dismissed. I was still willing to forgive, it's busy and I had a great movie to go back and watch. Within five minutes my husband and I were rushed by a young man who started asking my husband (the same one who is hard of hearing) in a leading and defensive manner about our order again. Specifically, he was telling my husband that he ordered the tacos (which he did not, tacos and burritos are on two separate columns of the menu, which he pointed to). Keep in mind, this is during a loud, dark movie which we paid good money to see, that is crowded. So not only we were disturbed, the movie goers around us were disturbed also. Finally, the rude young man said "You ordered the tacos but that's fine, I'll change it for you." It seemed that the whole exchange was simply an outlet for this young man to rant at us and interrupt our movie, especially since I had already spoken to the woman earlier who was taking care of it. Just to be clear, there was NO price difference between the items, nor did I mind waiting (it was a three hour movie, I had plenty of time to wait). So all in all, yes the establishment has excellent food and usually great movies, but don't expect friendly or polite service. You'd be better off going anywhere else in Anchorage. I do want to mention one helpful and polite staff, the young woman working the ticket counter that day. She was incredibly helpful in explaining the reserve booth section and the upcoming concerts. Staff like that at Bear Tooth and Moose's Tooth need to be rewarded and interacting with the public more than their run-of-the-mill rude staff.]
