[115610693598467811244,100008129039647064026,It's hard to sum up in words how utterly impressed I was with The Diamond Vault of Troy. It made one of the most nerve-racking experiences of my life feel incredibly simple. From the moment I walked in I felt comfortable and relaxed. Randy is an outstanding jeweler and insanely nice and easy to work with. He helped me design my (now) fiancé's ring. He proved that there is nothing he can't do. He is going to give you exactly the kind of ring you want for the right price. The ring itself was flawless. I couldn't have asked for a better diamond than the FireMark. My fiancé was adamant about having a ring that sparkles, but the dilemma was that she also loves the princess cut. The FireMark is the best of both worlds. It was one of the sparkliest rocks I have ever laid eyes on. When Randy showed me two diamonds, one princess and one FireMark, side by side on a brown desk, with poor lighting, and the diamonds were the same size, clarity, and color, in was clear to me which one was the winner. The FireMark blew the princess cut away. I couldn't believe how in less-than optimal viewing conditions, how much the FireMark shinned. It was truly impressive. When I gave my fiancé her ring she was speechless, and then instantly started to cry. She was so incredibly happy with her ring, she couldn't believe it. The first thing she did was remark on how much her diamond sparkled. Friends and family couldn't believe it either. They have never seen a princess cut shine like that before. As funny as it is, my fiancé keeps getting honked at while driving because she sits at a green lights (not realizing it switched from Red to Green) just staring at her ring. It was 100% worth the price just to see that look on her face every time she looks at her ring. I would HIGHLY recommend purchasing a ring from the Diamond Vault of Troy, and ask for Randy. He truly is one of the best and will bend over backwards to make sure that your engagement ring is as special as you think it should be. I love my fiancé with all my heart and wanted to get her the perfect symbol of my love to her, and Randy made that possible.]
