[100840561246860393046,100168235584120836843,Not an experience; just a note to all who travel there. I am a former manager who quit after working 20 years for the owner. the owner for years has been putting burgundy wine in premium wine bottles and defrauding customers. As for the "self serve" chinati-blend wine located at the front, the owner since he opened had been putting Inglenook Burgundy in that and laughed while he put just a drop of chianti wine in it stating that now it was a blend. I have notified the owner that I filed a report with the ABC so he may have changed his tactics out of self preservation but not because he felt guilty doing it. My hope is that an attorney files a class action suit against the owner and subpoena's his wine records per sales and ordering to identify that they just don't match up. The food is not bad, actually pretty good. the workers are good as well, perhaps that is because the majority are undocumented and have to be good to have a job. The ambiance; the owner never schedules a cleaning party nor does he ever really pay to have it cleaned as tons of grease settles on the wood and you can scrape the gunk off with a finger nail; and the outside has needed a paint job for over a decade. All of this is a shame and in my opinion the owner does not deserve to own a restaurant as he is only worried about being greedy as evident by the hiring of undocumented workers so he does not have to give out pay raises, will not maintain the upkeep of his restaurant, and defrauds customers on wine sales. This place had promise but with all the other quality Italian restaurants in Poway, his is at the bottom. As all of this is true, at least as of June 2013, I am not afraid to reveal my name with this post because as it is all true as of June 2013, his legal staff, who has threatened me with a vexatious litigation suit for complaining, may attempt to file a law suit against me but that would only reveal the truth per the owner's own records of what the owner does so I doubt that will ever happen.]
