[109980789943149919139,100082875687068336292,They definitely have a good visual presence of a quality auto sales company, very nice looking vehicles if you don't look to close. We explained that we knew exactly what we were looking for as far as the interior design of a vehicle. As we started looking around the lot the salesperson was not overbearing but did recommend different vehicles that may fit our specific use. After test driving our vehicle, was to short of a true drive to get a true feel of the vehicle. We rushed through the process and purchased the vehicle to only later learn that the bearings on the passengers drive axle is going out and that there were several other small items that we found. The biggest disappointment was in the detailing of the vehicle, and routine maintenance that should have been done prior to selling any vehicle. Once we got the vehicle home I started REALLY looking over the vehicle and found that the clean engine was due to a poor degreasing job and a pressure washer, the engine oil has at least 2,000 to 2,500 miles on it. The interior detailing was a joke when I pulled the seat our of the van I found that the tracks were clogged with an unknown sticky substance, this was the same with all the seat channels. the rear power ports didn't work and all it took was to change a 30 amp fuse. The wiper motor delay control board was improperly removed to make changes to the contacts to make it work, which does when it feels like, then it was zip tied back into place. The drivers side headlight has a cracked seal and there is fogging inside of the headlamp while the passenger side is crystal clear. I removed the collapsible center console and found over $1.00 in change two different type of card with personal information and a lot of evidence that a lot of sticky liquid had been spilled on this console and never cleaned properly. 10 minuets and a 12mm socket had the console out and the cleaning process begins. An hour later and the console and all seat brackets were removed and cleaned. There is a smaller family owned used car sales lot in my home town that goes that extra mile to ensure that if nothing else the cars are cleaned like near. Everything that can come out of the interior does and is thoroughly cleaned and scrubbed, they go even as far and using fabric paint to even out faded material cars. So if you do decide to buy from Seaport look everything over REAL close for cleanliness and quality repairs. Also, if the vehicle has been modified in any way, lifted/lowered, anything other that stock do not buy the extended warranty. I have never found a company that will cover any repair to a any vehicle that is not in stock condition.]
