[104555461225549318418,101165399253653177492,We had a terrible experience at this unprofessional club. It was waste of money and time at this club. We are writing our story for all the parents who are considering to send their children to this unethical club. After all, ethics and discipline are among the most important characters that most of us want our children to develop. I hope our bitter experience at this club would help you to make a more informed decision about your child. We have recently moved to BC , Univercity area, from Alberta. We were looking for a martial art club that is close to home to send our two sons. Our first one is five year and half and our second one is about four year old. We came across this club through a search we did on Google map. I wish we had paid more attention to a negative comment from a year ago about their unethical behavior or trusted our instinct after our first visit. I called the phone number listed on Google to talk to them about their schedule and their system. Like most martial arts classes, they offered free first sessions. We took our sons to the club to give it a try. The first coach at the club was Sia. When we were about to leave, the coach called us to tell that we had to pay $ 25 per child for the first session. I explained my phone conversation with the owner, Arash (called Arelo), but the coach’s reasoning was that we cannot go around to try out classes for free. We paid $ 50 but left the club with a bad first impression. I received a call from Sia, the coach, a few days after asking if we were considering to send our kids to the club. I told him about our ambivalence. The classes were about $ 150 per child per month without any discount for the second child. He said that he is willing to give a significant discount if we were going to consider. He offered $ 2,200 annual pass for both kids including the supplies. Considering the saving to a young family's budget, we decided to go for it. After making the payment, he told us that the amount does not cover the shirts or any other supply. So he charged us an additional $ 275 for supplies that took three months to receive. Despite the occasional delay in starting the classes, the training was ok for the first month. The coach had to leave the club after a month after an evident conflict with Arash (Arleo). Arash brought in another coach, Nick. He was a nice guy but we did not really see any progress after two months. Occasionally, the owner/manager (Arash) was mad at him for his inexperience. He was shouting at him to do a better job while all the parents and kids were watching Arleo’s disgusting behavior. They kept trying new coaches including George and another guy that I cannot remember his name. One time, Arash got in to train his coaches by training the kids. He was very arrogant both with the kids and his coaches. This was not certainly a behavior that we wanted our children to watch. Our children are both well behaved and we were afraid that they may pick up some of Arleo’s arrogance in class as they could not occasionally distinguish between his behavior and his training. I am among several parents who are disgusted by Arleo’s behaviour towards kids, coaches and parents and we are all considering to send our children to an alternative club. A few of us were smarter by not getting misled by the annual discount. They could easily walk out. For us with annual discount, there is no contract issued. I called them today to see how we get refunded as no contract was signed. I was told by Arash that he does not issue any refund, stealing close to $ 1500 from a young family. He also told me that he does not want to see our kids anymore because I have been complaining about their behavior recently. We are certainly planning to pursue the issue through legal channels. On the positive side, we are very happy to walk out to stop our kids from watching this misbehavior. I hope the comments above help you to make a more informed decision.]
