[104988076079041708561,101128568572948194824,Had a problem with my 2002 chevy truck. It sounded like the brakes were going bad, the brake pedal had some inconsistency to it, and the brakes wanted to stop the truck without me touching them. So I bought the parts to do the front brakes. Brakes are done, but now I have a problem where the front calipers are sticking real bad. Making a bad smell and just burning from not releasing. So we decided to go to a Pro to fix them because I don’t have the money for guess work at this point. When I was doing the brakes I noticed my fluid was not correct, it was green. Went to Just Brakes and told them what I have done as far as the brake job and told them there might be something wrong with the fluid being contaminated and that needs to be checked. The manager or something told us that the fluid was green and that it could be another type of brake fluid, and that the calipers were bad and needed to be rebuilt along with back parking brake needed to be done. So 500.00 and a week later the problem is back, the truck wants to stop itself. We bring the truck in this morning and they test drive and check it out, they tell me there is something in the fluid and that the whole system needs to be redone at a tune of a $2000.00 dollars give or take. This check only took no more than 3 minutes after test drive. Why did they not find this the first time after I told them the fluid might be bad? Simple they wanted the first 500 and knew I would come back with the problem they didn't fix. Then another manager told me the other guy was on vacation and he doesn't have a answer why it was not caught the first time or that it’s possible that it would not show bad on certain days (Which Makes No Sense) being there was probably more bad fluid in the system the first time. I couldn’t imagine how much bad fluid was in there after they flushed it the first time for them to find the problem under 3 minutes the second time and not the first. Do not bring your car here unless you got $3000.00 to just let them rip you of the first time. This is my first reaction to this wrong doing. I will take this as far as I have to go with just brakes to get my money back, so I can put it towards the real fix for my problem.]
