[114151733737186281011,100338900469488358732,I visited Nicks this past Saturday with my dad mainly because I wanted seafood and to eat outdoors. As a kid we came alot but I haven't been in at least 10 years. We arrived to see the hostess having a cigarette outside. She asked us if we would like a seat indoor or outdoors. I replied outdoors and she said, "Just a moment while I check." She came back shortly and directed us out to the back where we sat. There were about three couples seated. We received menus and as we began to look on our menus the host came and asked my dad and I if we would mind moving to a smaller table so that they could accommodate a party of four. I agreed. (It was only two of us and there were multiple two seater tables available; and our food wasn't in yet.) We moved to a two seater table and asked for a waiter to clean our table. He nodded. We stood there, as he proceeded to clean a table for a couple who had just left. Hmmm. Clean a table for a couple who has just left or clean the table for two new guest who have just moved to accommodate a larger group, and are standing and waiting to be seated? If I were a waiter, server or waitress, i would go with the latter. The server continued to clean the other table and multiple other waiters and waitresses continued to serve others as we waited. It was like we were invisible. I also noticed that the party of for that we moved to accommodate was seated and being served their complimentary dinner rolls and water....while me & my dad stood waiting for a table to be cleaned. WE DECIDED TO LEAVE. As we were walking out, we walked past the hostess who was back to smoking her cigarette. She never even parted her lips to ask if everything was ok, or why we had decide to leave. POOR POOR SERVICE IN EVERY ASPECT. I WILL NEVER VISIT AGAIN, AND I WILL BE SURE TO DISCOURAGE OTHERS TO VISIT THIS PLACE. I hate to pull the race card, but due to the fact that we were the only African American guest in here and all other guest and workers at the time were Caucasian, I am led to believe that this was a racial issue. I'm sure this happens but Never would I have imagined this would happen in Brooklyn and a restaurant that I've visited in the past.]
