[102454040267416807859,100070858094963289342,Well gosh, had I known that the company I hired, North Park Storage and Transfer, sub-contracted these guys, especially after seeing these awful reviews, I NEVER EVER in a million years would have used the service. NIGHTMARE, NIGHTMARE, NIGHTMARE! If you are thinking of using these guys, run as far away as you can! Now, I am new to google reviews, however if you take a look at my Yelp review history, you will see that I am pretty fair, and if anything love to rave about the good reviews because there are so few companies that get to hear all the good feedback. It's always the negative you hear. Well my experience with Stevens Worldwide Vanlines was as horrible as it gets!!!! So here is my horrific experience. To summarize briefly, we signed a contract with North Park Storage and Transfer, who subcontracted Stevens Vanlines, to move our items from San Diego, CA to Hood River, OR. Several totes and a suitcase were missing when Stevens Vanlines delivered our items. Additionally, our motorcycle and several pieces of furniture were damaged. We waited several weeks for the office manager of North Park Storage and Transfer to email us the Claims Form on behalf of Stevens Vanlines. We submitted the claims form promptly. Months went by with no word from either North Park Storage and Transfer or Stevens Vanlines until I received a call from my personal storage unit manager informing me that he received mail from Stevens Vanlines and forwarded it to me. This mail informed us that we owed Stevens Vanlines money, claiming the motorcycle required an additional fee. We immediately called Stevens Vanlines to establish some communication, leaving several messages with no call back for the first week. Finally, a lady at the office informed me the claim had been processed and a check would be sent. We submitted a claim for about $7,500 and received a check for $347.51. At this point we are beyond infuriated for several reasons. Directly concerning your Stevens Vanlines are the following: 1. Communication was not only weak, but nearly non-existent in this case. 2. We never authorized either company to send personal mail to our storage unit address. 3. After both companies had not heard from us, no actions were taken to simply backtrack the paperwork and call either my husband or myself. When a client pays several thousands of dollars for your service, it SHOULD be safe to assume you have our numbers on file. 4. The additional fee they charged was completely unacceptable as we were quoted on our move based on the exact height, weight, make and model of the motorcycle, so there was no room for error on our side, and should either Stevens Vanlines of North Park Storage and Transfer have misquoted, that was their mistake to deals with, not ours. Even more importantly, neither of the companies had the right to assume it appropriate to take that fee from the insurance money granted. 5. When we called Stevens Vanlines to dispute the insurance settlement, we were informed you had no record of the Customer Check Off Sheet that we signed off from your drivers upon arrival of most of our items. 6. Stevens Vanlines services were hired on our behalf through North Park Storage and Transfer to simply move our items from one place to another and that was unsuccessful with lost and damaged items. We submitted a claim for about $7,500 and received a check for $347.51. We aren't even remotely close to being satisfied with this settlement. In addition to the cost of our physical losses, we have lost a great deal of time in trying to remedy this situation. WHAT A NIGHTMARE! These guys are thieves and horrific business men. Their staff are useless. I honestly do not understand how these guys are in business.]
