[105926073036064294280,100518713253703519516,Infiniti is currently running a promotion on 2013 G37x coupes to make room for the new 2014 Q 60s. I had called four dealerships to see if they had any 2013 G37s in stock but was left disappointed. Finally, I called Infiniti of Massapequa and spoke Brandon who assured me they have two in stock and quoted me a price over the phone. I was planning on doing an early lease termination on my 2010 Nissan Altima in which Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation (NMAC) was going to cover up to three months of my payments. Brandon had said he needed confirmation from NMAC and would call me back. Knowing I would eventually have to make my way to the dealership I drove the 45 minutes to Infiniti of Massapequa since I was still waiting to hear back. Upon my arrival I come to find that Brandon is no longer there and they do not have any of that car in stock. So, i politely asked the salesman on the phone, Randy, to contact him about the numbers he quoted me over the phone. For some reason Randy became a bit hostile and said he has no way of contacting Brandon. At that point I had asked to speak to a sales manager. I explained my dilemma and frustration to the manager who said they can still locate the vehicle and Randy can sit down with me and give me a quote. As soon as we sit down he starts to sell me on numbers way above the promotion and for a higher lease term (red flag right there). Then he asked what Brandon had quoted me and when I tell him he basically calls me a liar in not so many words and excuses himself to go speak to his manager. He returns saying his sales manager spoke to Brandon (but i thought there was no way of reaching him since they were so adamant about that before) and he definitely did not give me that quote. I asked Randy why would I drive almost an hour out of my way to waste my time and his and he became hostile once again. Now, having worked in the service industry in a management role, I can confidently say that this was the worst display of customer service I have ever experienced in any capacity. I understand they're car salesmen and I shouldn't be expecting much but it was so bad I wouldn't even refer to it as customer service (I'd call it what it is - hostile customer relations). This experience makes me never want to even consider Nissan or Infiniti again. It's left that much of a bad taste in my mouth.]
