[117974971584820163373,101041548116188553616,These people have no idea how cars actually work. I'm from NC and my boyfriend has been a mechanic for the last 4 years. In attempt to register my car in Colorado I was told to go through this process. My 97 Jeep didn't pass because of slightly high NOx (.5 over "limit") which after consulting my boyfriend as well other mechanics, is an issue that can literally not be fixed by anything other than buying a new car that doesn't have 203,000 miles on it. The folks at this location speak literally no english so there's no way to have an intelligent conversation about the cause of this issue. Not only is there a language barrier but the guys doing the actual test do nothing but read a computer screen and have no knowledge about engine mechanics. In NC we had required state inspections like every other state which my have been slightly more expensive but at least made logical sense. In the 12 years I lived there my Jeep never failed because the NC system is based on the car's computer which governs the cars pollution before it can even leave the tailpipe. More simply put, the computer installed by the car's manufacturer will govern that cars chemical output for the entire life of the car. If the computer, any part of the exhaust system, or any part on that car even begins to fail the check engine light will come on. (Now might me a good time to mention my check engine light has not been on for years...mainly because like I said, my boyfriend is a mechanic) Despite the age of the car I keep it in great condition both cosmetically and under the hood. There is nothing wrong with my Jeep. But does Air Care Colorado care about logic? No. No they do not. Another interesting thing to note is in order to get a waiver if your car continues to fail, you have to prove $715.00 of relevant repairs. Soo... in order to get around this and get my car registered I have to drop 700 bucks to fix a problem that doesn't exist. This process is a lot more messed up then just refusing to accept credit cards. That is sadly only the tip of the ice burg.]
