[103344058300143593012,100827662979319161687,We had a Christmas party and had called ahead for our group of 8. To be fair, there were a lot of families taking advantage of the "Kids eat Free" night. The host told us the wait for 2 tables to be pushed together would likely be 15 minutes. 30 minutes later we were still standing with two very hungry toddlers and some tired party goers. Several tables were cleared in a way that could have accommodated us, but the host chose to seat others in those positions. After waiting an hour and having a conversation with Dustin, the manager, we finally got a seated. The entire time we waited, we weren't offered drinks of any kind or food. Many restaurants I've been to have offered both, when there is a wait. We were seated, but no waiter was to be found to cover our group. We flagged down someone who was supposed to be with another group to get the children something to drink. No one could find our waiter, and eventually the waiter, Ben, who was not originally ours served our table. He did a fantastic job and made sure that everyone had what they needed. When we talked to the manager after being seated (while we were waiting for our missing waiter) my husband told the manager he felt that we had been treated unfairly and suggested that we might be entitled to dessert. The manager agreed. The food made it out and was pretty much average, run of the mill Chili's fare. When it came time for dessert the manager told us for the table of 8 that we were only going to have 2 free desserts. (we only ordered 5 total, as several of us were splitting the desserts). He said that it was what he had told us originally, which was not. He was confrontational in his demeanor and after all we had been through no one ever apologized for the inconveniences. After some arguing, and some terrible behavior on the manager's behalf we did eventually get our desserts, though we are afraid they might have spit in them. Overall it was a disappointing evening and essentially ruined our group's Christmas outing.]
