[108997226701520217896,100598472749855966270,I plan dozens of events a year, from small business functions, to large charitable events, and even weddings. It's RARE to find a venue like Noor Ballroom. In my humble opinion, what makes Noor better than your average venue is not the absolutely delicious food, it's not the amazingly beautiful venue, it's not even the ridiculously reasonable prices. No, all those things are icing on the cake, but what makes this particular venue stand out in a sea of places with tasty food, ambience, and comparable prices is the SERVICE. I threw a big charitable Halloween Ball at the Ella Ballroom last night for 200 guests. Robert Shahnazarian was a dream to work with from start to finish. He made the process so simple, from our first phone call, to the venue walk-though, to the menu planning, and all the way through leading up to the day of the event. He listened to my needs, worked within my budget, followed up promptly, gave me great insight and ideas to enhance our event, and he did everything effortlessly and efficiently. He knows exactly what he's doing, and that takes away a lot of the stress of planning a large event. On the day of the event, the on-site manager did a great job seeing to our needs, the staff were professional and efficient, and they rolled with all of the punches (helped us with a stand for our step & repeat banner when our stand wasn't the right type, moved furniture around to accommodate the needs of our vendor sponsors, did a great job passing the appetizers and tending the bar, etc.) Robert even dropped in to say hello and make sure everything was running smoothly, and then sent me a follow-up email in the morning to ensure that I was happy with how everything came together. I would recommend this venue without a shadow of a doubt. I will look to them for future venue needs, and will refer them to friends, clients, and family. They have my full stamp of approval. THANK YOU for helping to make my event a successful one!]
