[110581058583817336726,101029561827682549765,Very bad experience. I've taken my car there a few times, the owner talks poorly about any other body/tire/service shop in town, and likes to tell horror stories about them. I wonder why he has so many personal horror stories about other shops if he's had his own shop so long...but anyway. I went for a routine oil change, and the next day my oil like was flashing, beeping like crazy. I took it right back and every drop of oil had drained out. He told me he used the last drop to pull the car into the shop. Nice. So they put more oil in and I asked about getting a refund of what I'd paid the day before considering the seriousness of the error that they admitted was their fault (a little 'strap' was caught in the cap seal). I understand humans make errors, but that one was potentially very hazardous to my engine and at the very least inconvenient for me to have to return. I asked for my money back, which was only $60 because I used a rebate check, and he got nasty with me. He said "Nooo! We just put $30 worth of free oil in your car." Yes, true, but that could've cost me thousands, and I really was supposed to be other places at the time rather than back in their shop. There was no reasoning with the man, he even said to me, "I know you're trading it soon, so I don't care." I've NEVER been talked down to like that in any business and would never return. He always wants to sell original parts that cost 2-3 times more than other options, and I can understand that, but my ORIGINAL parts are what needed all the service and replacement so why would I feel that is money well spent to put more original parts in the car after only 3 years? He makes you feel bad for not spending as much as THEY want you to spend. He's right, I'm trading the car and a large part of the reason why is I never want to deal with that man again, and we don't have a VW shop here in town yet. There's one on the way though, so if you need service, I would recommend ANYONE else!]
