[102810550930419777067,100720532536579199435,As a new client there I had high hopes, but now my review is not a good one. I am still in my first month and I had a theft there last week and was LIED to by Wendy who told me to call in 2 days to speak to Christine the Manager to see video footage. My husband went in to speak to her in person 2 days later and was unfortunately given lame excuses and MAJOR attitude from the DM Brian Majors. Apparently their security cameras were BROKEN for over a week, conveniently when our items were stolen. Most of them were replaceable, EXCEPT for one apartment application that has ALL of my personal info, like my Social Security Number, Bank info, etc., so basically my IDENTITY! What makes no sense and is suspicious is that Wendy knew the cameras were not working and LIED to us saying we could contact Christine two days later to see the video footage. Wendy also said that the clients there have expensive things and nobody steals since they are good people. This made no sense why she would say this either, cameras are there for a reason, SECURITY! When we called Christine, we were told the DVR was broken since the week before and was being repaired. She said Wendy should have told us, and did not know why she didn't. After thinking of reasons for Wendy to lie, it made sense that it is an inside job since the only people aware of cameras not working are the employees. So great job Wendy, now you are a suspect! Even if we got a subpoena and filed a report there is NO VIDEO FOOTAGE to view. I thought my belongings were secure, now I suspect an inside job and am fearing identity theft. I would not recommend this storage facility. The 'free truck' sounded great but now I think it's another excuse to get you in there so they can scope out your things and take what they want. Sorry but since Brian Majors was a MAJOR prick to my Husband, and Wendy is a liar, what are we left to think? Our stuff vanished and even with 'insurance' through their company we have nothing to go on. It's very suspicious and unfortunate and they failed to be professional, now they just look like thieves. I can't wait to move out!! Something is very fishy. Christine was nice and so is Sergio, but that does not bring my stuff back and I am SO disappointed.]
