[106293065076878360519,101054740694233762561,I lived at College Hill Apartments for two and a half years - and trust me when I say this is the absolute best deal in downtown Grand Rapids. Let's start with the parking, to which is gated and monitored to ensure that you will ALWAYS have a safe place to park. Each tenant is given a "garage door" opener. The entrance doors are secured by key fob detectors. If that fails, you are given a key to unlock the door as a backup. The apartments are updated (most all of them) with newer carpet, kitchen area, and new trim throughout. It is quiet, and extremely efficient when it comes to utilities. The wall mounted air conditioners definitely keep the place cool, and the heaters are electric and do a fine job at keeping things toasty. The maintenance staff is prompt and courteous when it comes to repairs - whether calling by phone or submitting a request on-line. You are able to make on-line payments which also remind you of when you need to pay rent by e-mail! Recycling is readily available, as well as a compost. An on-site mini gym is on the second floor which has some treadmills a bike, television, and miscellaneous machines. The washer/dryers are brand spankin' new. You can place money on a laundry card on-line, or use dollar bills to credit the card on the lower level. Oh, and there are vending machines stocked with major pops, chips, snacks, etc in the laundry room too! The mail room is basic, but the UPS/Fedex people will bring your package straight to your door and call you to tell you that they are there to assist you. The price is beyond reasonable with all that is included. We had upgraded HD cable at our apartment, and for a while I had an overhead parking spot - all of which were also extremely reasonable price-wise. The location is awesome! If your a downtown-goer, than your right around the corner from all the nightlife. The on-ramp to 196 is right next to the place (don't worry, this does not cause for a lot of noise in your apartment if your worried about it). I could go on and on about how great my experience was with this place. That being said, trust me - give Ruth and the rest of the management staff the opportunity to have you be their tenant. You will not be disappointed. -Steve]
