[101440964129755610709,100511231285606087033,Unfortunately a serious accident with a family pet required we come to the Veterinary Training School at WSU there in Pullman, WA. The Cougar Land Motel was on the school's list of recommended hotels/motels in the area. I saw some earlier poor reviews but more recent reviews of the Cougar Land looked better. I chose the Cougar Land because of its proximity to the WSU Campus (we actually walked all the way to the WSU Creamery and back one day - Brrr!) Upon arrival (07January 2013) there was no need to have reserved a room - things are slow in Pullman in January! We checked into our room & though the construction of the facility is older the room was clean. We thought we'd be there only two or three nights but ended up staying 7 nights for the recovery of our animal. The only thing I would recommend is that you bring an outlet-multilpier or power-strip if you've many low-wattage devices to charge, like smart phones, etc. Since the building is older there isn't the frequency of plug-ins a more contemporary building would need for newer electrical code. The best thing about the room was the beds. Fantastic pillow-top mattresses! The TV in the room is an older CRT type (no flat-screen) but it was perfectly adequate for what we watched. We also liked the amount of control we had over the temperature of the room (We like it colder at night!) Also, our animal was able to stay with us Monday & Tuesday night before the surgery. This was only a $10.00 per night additional fee and our $50.00 pet-cleaning/damage deposit was returned after the room check-out inspection. (No "accidents", scratches, etc.!) Almost every morning my wife & I would drive or walk to the local coffee venues for a coffee and a bagel. If we wanted to do more shopping Moscow, Idaho is only about 9 miles away and there is a nice Mall for indoor (Winter time!) strolling. There were several restaurants distributed between Pullman and Moscow. When I went to pay the last two nights for our stay (we were paying day-by-day as we weren't sure about the progress of recovery for our animal.) the young lady at the desk offered me the Weekly rate (paid 6 nights for 7!) as we had been there the entire week. Despite the sign on the wall stating that weekly rates must be coordinated before-hand she said they would do the weekly rate for us anyway! Talk about customer care and service! Thanks! We were pleasantly surprised at the amount of things there were to do in the area and enjoyed the aforementioned restaurants, the excellent local brewery (Paradise Springs) only a short walk away & the WSU Creamery & a Veterinary Anatomy Museum on the WSU Campus. On a final note, due to poor weather & the unsure nature of our animal's status we hurriedly checked out Monday the 14th of January. However, I forgot to wait for my $50.00 Pet Damage Deposit. This was mailed me by the motel the following week. Thanks again! :)]
