[113669684677950482538,100387103621256104717,I don't know what has happened over the past two years or maybe it was just a bad night, but I would never go to this restaurant again, and definitely not with a group. Our staff attended last Fri night and got the worst service ever! Reservations for 24 people for a meal at 7:30 should prompt enough trained, qualified staff on hand. After ordering a Sangria at the bar on arrival, and being told it would be brought to our table (asking us to be go and be seated where we froze most of the night as there was no heat on in the atrium), three trips to the bar, finding out no Sangria had been made was just the start of the downhill slide. A prepared menu with no pricing, with no notification when booking that would be required, (we are a charitable organization so not everyone can afford to pay $40 for a meal), and one server at the table, whom we later found out to be the owner/manager doing a step dance on the pricing after "checking with his boss on reducing prices !!???" and appetizers not arriving until 9:15, we were NOT happy customers. When we arrive at 7:30 we shouldn't expect to have main courses arriving at 10 pm as our one server wound his way through the Salsa dancing lessons which began at 9pm. They were pressing us to get up and dance, however, most of us were too hungry to enjoy any type of dancing. Also finding out that if you didn't order, and had only come for the company, a few drinks and some dancing, it would cost you $15 to sit at the table!! And, if people only wanted the main course they still had to pay the total cost of the meal "so you might as well order the whole thing and take it home"! Oh yes, I finally got a Sangria one hour after arriving (Sangria special was on the sidewalk sign outside for the evening but they hadn't made enough Sangria??!!). To add insult to injury, they add the tip to the bill. We asked that it be removed, as they didn't deserve it. Not a pleasant experience making me want to go to downtown Halifax again, and not to that restaurant not ever!]
