[110777870467903398436,100199349752031984209,ARROGANT AND RIGHTEOUS - Falsely saying what is involved in the cost of the check and then being RUDE and ARROGANT when challenged by what he stated. This is another case of a large company's staff not valuing their loyal customers. My wife bought her car from Grossinger but she has until this day, loyally had it serviced there and spent $$$$$ having it serviced and fixed and again until today. A day or two ago the Engine light came on and I was concerned that this maybe something as the car is 7 years old. My wife asked that I go to Grossinger and have them look at what the problem may be as she believes (falsely now), that they will always look after her car. She rang and booked the car in for a check. When I arrived to have it looked at, I was shocked by the $138 price tag. I asked what that incorporated and the agent (Adrian) "clearly" stated that it would be for the diagnostic of the engine and anything that needed fixing. Pretty clear I thought, but NOT so. I envisaged this as an flat rate and based upon my wife being a loyal customer and being on record as so, this would be so. AGAIN, not so. Reluctantly I sign to have the car repaired and go away. I receive a call within the 1 hour to say they had discovered the problem and it was to do with a faulty gas cap and they discovered some slight rust around the fuel entry area. Adrian then says my total would now come to $254. WTF .... I challenged him to the initial understanding and he stated that he never said that. NOT SO !!!! He told me that the gas cap would be around $40 plus the cost of somebody taking the rust away brought it up to the inflated amount. I told him that this was inappropriate and they were to do nothing and that I would get a gas cap elsewhere to which he replied that they do not recommend getting a non Toyota gas cap. TACKY !!!! .... I informed that I would just come and get the car back and pay the $138 and in turn for this money, they would turn the dash warning light off and get a car wash even though it is raining outside. I returned to the service center and reiterated to him that I believed he misled me but to my "Shock and Horror", he stated that he never said that and that I should not call him a liar. His tone was THREATENING and normally that would lead to something not nice however, I decided that I can let him feel the wrath of my most inappropriate experience ONLINE. He can be right for the $138 or so, but our voice in the Chicago community will cost Grossinger far MOREl .... I asked that we be removed from their mailing list etc .... to which I received a grunted response. INTERESTING !! My wife was in horror over this experience when I returned home to explain what happened, to her. I let her know that I will write a review online of the experience and that she need not to do anything more. I have since purchased a high quality gas cap for half the price and will have our car serviced by a caring mechanic who has been recommended to me a car enthusiast who is a personal friend. More poor you Adrian and Grossinger, an opportunity for customer advocacy and satisfaction TOTALLY missed.]
