[107614346415538671969,100212510695908848279,OK. Lets just call it what it is. It's a motel; and a pretty shabby one, at that. There were so many things wrong, I don't know where to start. I am a travel nurse, and I'm usually placed in hotels or extended stays for 8 - 13 weeks. That's big bucks. I'm not pushy, but for that amount of $$$, cater to my A@#. Here's what annoyed me - Big Time. There was no WiFi. Sure it's advertised that WiFi is available, but you can never get on line. I had to constantly click back and forth between connections, hoping that one would last longer than a few seconds. The laundry room is only open between 10AM to 9PM. Need to wash clothes at 9:05PM? You're out of luck. What am I going to do? Steal the washing machine? If you advertise that you have a laundry room 'on site', it should be available to the customer 24/7! I could not receive mail. When I asked if they would hold mail at the desk, the 'manager' wanted to know 'how much mail?' I don't know; what am I? Omnipotent? Sigh. There were cobwebs so thick on the balcony, I feared meeting the spider that produced them. Needless to say - I did not sit on the balcony, enjoying the outdoors, over a glass of wine. There weren't any pots or pans; nor was there a plate, fork, napkin...Oh wait, there was a tea kettle, that looked like it was found in the attic of someone's great grandmother. If you're going to accept long term clients, you have to offer the basic things necessary to make their stay 'livable.' The bottoms of the draperies in my room looked as if they'd been dragged in mud. The blanket on my bed could best be described as 'ragged'. The pillows? As thin as communion wafers - and that was with three of them stacked together! I endured this 'shabbiness' for 2 weeks, because I could walk to work, and they kept saying: 'We're working on the WiFi.' Well, it was never fixed. I moved to the Oxford Suites Pismo Beach. Let them have the $$$. They provide a HOT breakfast, reliable WIFi, a business center, exercise room, and plump pillows! My final opinion? Eeewww! You decide.]
