[109966070170656627466,100256372144614725003,I have nothing good to say about this Bridal shop. I sent in my measurements for a bridesmaid dress back at the beginning of this year. When I went into the shop to pick up the dress, the store manager Cindy was at the front of the store in an argument with a mother of the bride who she had spoken with on the phone the day before. Apparently the mother was told by Cindy the dress would be half off because it was a discontinued dress. When the mother got there to pay for the dress she was trying to charge her full price. The way she spoke to the mother was extremely condescending, and to argue with her in front of other customers was very unprofessional. It took about 15 minutes for someone to assist me. An associate finally went into the back to grab my dress only to make a pit stop at a bride trying on a dress to chit chat while I waited some more. Finally the other associate at the desk saw me waiting and went to go check on her. After about 30 minutes from the time I entered the store, I finally got to try my dress on, in a dressing room with no mirrors. Size 16 fit perfect, even after they told me I needed a size 18. I’ve been in 2 other weddings this year in a 16 so I think I know my correct size. So granted my first impression was not good. My dress sat in my closet until the wedding. The day of the wedding I went to zip up the dress and the zipper wouldn’t budge past the fabric on the waist belt. I took the dress off, still wouldn’t budge. We tried candlewax and everything else the internet told us and nothing worked, under the zipper finally broke. I had to be sewn into my dress an hour before the wedding. After speaking with Cindy and the owner Jason, they would not refund me a dime, said they have never given a refund period. Every single bridesmaid in our wedding party had nothing but a horrible experience with this shop. Cindy had told 2 of the other girls because they were “blessed on top” they needed a size 20 dress. They had to pay an extra 20 bucks for a “plus size” dress then another $120 to have it altered because it was the wrong size. I’m pretty sure they just suggest bigger sizes to have you spend the extra money to have their seamstress alter it. So I would avoid Blossoms Bridal at all cost!!!!]
