[106767543736670096392,100551854879103358867,WOW! CALL DERWIN FIRST! I had about 12 very tall pines to cut...which were around my house. I think I called and filled out literally twenty tree service companies. A large number never even responded to their web forms. Some never called back or had a full voicemail. Then the ones that said they would come "take a look" (are they running a business or a hobby?) never came by. The ones that came by literally wanted double the price. One company even said it would be a MONTH before they could even come and estimate it (not do the job...but estimate it) Also some really talk about how they use cranes to get the trees. Derwin uses cranes as part of getting the job done...and really most use cranes to make sure they can safely take down a tree...but also they can cut the logs in larger sections to sell to the lumber mill (which is good business sense and a common practice) Anyway...I came across Youngs Tree Tech on city-data forums. I'm very grateful I did. Derwin personally called me within an hour of filling out his web form. Came out that Sat. to give an estimate...and like I said did it for half of what the others that did come estimate it did. I set up an appointment for 7:30-8am one Monday....and let me tell you they came in....literally taking up a street of equipment (but positioning it to be polite to the neighbors/neighborhood) and his crew cut down, ground the stumps, and cleaned up 12 tall pines in four hours. My parents were here and were just watching in awe...they then professed how they wished Derwin was in Salisbury to do work for them. Derwin comes in tells you what he is going to do...for how much...and comes in with his people and they work their butts off to get it done...and done right. In fact...a week later I saw his crew in front of my house cutting my neighbors trees. Call Derwin first...and I really don't think you will need to waste time trying to get others to help you with your project. If another tree is taken down on my property Derwin will be the one I call to do it.]
