[116621318732308411314,100716434030828803235,This place would probably be a solid 2 or 3 normally. However, the floor manager has no business running the front of the house. Maybe he's one of those guys that got rich in tech and decided to become a restauranteur, but he ruined our party's evening all by himself. First off we arrived early and we wanted to take advantage of happy hour. Granted we were seated at our table, but our waitress (who btw was great) mentioned that people bring their drinks down from the bar upstairs. Nope! stopped cold by our buddy the floor manager. Has to be drunk upstairs. We check into Yelp and notice that there is a special 5 course meal for $48. Nope! stopped by our buddy the floor manager again. You have to call in a day ahead, and it can only be with a reservation! They have to prepare! We point out that there are no restrictions mentioned on the Yelp check in, and what's the point of having a check in deal if you can't use it without a reservation etc. He says oh well that's supposed to be changed blah blah blah. He's either lying or he's an idiot for doing such an idiotic job in marketing. At this point we were about to walk out, but we decided screw this we're going to happy hour. We ask to move our table upstairs and we end up drinking and eating upstairs which isn't a problem since this place was less than 1/3rd filled on a week night. Our waitress upstairs was just as good as ours downstairs. Nice, pleasant and honest. When we mentioned something about our buddy the floor manager downstairs, she basically went yeah, I've gotten a few comments about him tonight. The food was OK, the only thing exceptional was how high the price is, about 30% more expensive than comparable food. I've spent less for a meal at about half a dozen Michelin starred restaurants than this place. Shoot I think I spent about the same money at Michael Mina and definitely less at Aziza before. I think I liked the crab noodles the best. That was a slightly over priced side dish, but at least it was a good size. The fried banana dessert was also good as well. The only redeeming things was that our waitresses who were good. As bad as it made me feel because of our buddy, I had left a full tip because our waitresses did a good job. Especially while being supervised by our clueless buddy the floor manager.]
