[103947751473281230804,100424215734579808903,don Edward Bender reviewedMountainside Apartments 11 minutes ago ★☆☆☆☆ This place is by far the worst place to live at. They don't give one rats well you know about anyone but themselves. Dishonesty and unprofessional. You pay $1,000 bucks a month and get service like if you living their for free. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. I will tell them their is a problem with something for example when I first moved in My ceiling fan in my room was shaking very hard. I told them that I had a problem with fan and the fire detector. I call them and they will tell you.. no problem we will get it handled today. Today goes by and never gets fixed. Took them a whole month to fix anything. Then the maintenance guy didn't know my girlfriend lived there and said I am glad we fixed that ceiling fan that was close to be falling on them. Now I have scropins in my house. Baby ones at that which means mom and dad not that far away. I have two little kids and they just say they can't do anything till wed cause that when there is no fee involved. They don't cae about your saftey, your well being or anything else. Just care about their money. They give you the first three days of the month to pay rent which is helpful but after that the 4th day they already sent a notification to the court to get their money. But yet maintenance will take forever to come. They will tell you they will do something and never do it. This is by far the worst place I have ever lived. They hung up on me and my family. Fair warring lived here for less than a year and CANT wait to leave!!!! We even been thinking about packing our stuff and leaving thats how bad the place is.. Also don't even let me get started about parking spots. Nermous people have to park across the street to park. Not in the appartment complex literally across the street. Then when they are doing renavations in the apartments they like to take up 4 spots with marble counters to make even the parking spots more filled up... I would not come here ever again.]
