[111666989897099243420,100055167102746590945,I am writing about an absolutely terrible sales experience my wife and I experienced at Pinehurst Kia on 26 NOV 2013. I will never do business with this dealership again and will ensure that my friends go somewhere else to get a car. Additionally I fully plan on writing online reviews detailing the time wasting, high pressure, near hostage taking tactics used by this dealer. On 22 NOV 2013, my wife and I were intent on getting a more fuel efficient Kia so my wife went to Pinehurst Kia and was offered a 2013 Kia Optima to test drive while they assessed the value of our 2012 Kia Sorento SX. The sales team was unable to give us a value assessment on our vehicle until Monday and due to unforeseen circumstances we were unable to return the car until Tuesday. Upon arriving Tuesday my wife spoke with Galo BiondiFernandez and was told that he would be with her shortly and he would go over the numbers for the Sorento and Optima with her. He then proceeded to disappear for 40 minutes. During this 40 minute period with no explanation my wife repeatedly asked employees for her keys and they refused to acknowledge my wife's request. She also requested to speak with a manager and was also denied. Following nearly an hour of asking for her keys Mr. Galo BiondiFernandez returned with the paperwork and made an offer for our car. Unsatisfied with the offer my wife said no thank you and again asked for her keys. He refused to acknowledge her request for the keys and continued to try and make a sale. I called my wife wondering how it was going and was told that they would not return her keys, following this Mr. Galo BiondiFernandez asked to speak with me. Even after I calmly and clearly repeatedly requested that he give my wife her keys back he again ignored the request and continued to attempt to make a sale. We made it abundantly clear multiple times that due to the time we waited and the low offer that we were not interested in conducting any further business and he finally relented and went to the office to get the keys. The office that he went to had clear glass windows and my wife observed him in the office continuing to not get her keys. After a few minutes my wife then had to get up go to the office and ask for her keys herself. After my wife left I was then called by Mr. Galo BiondiFernandez telling me that he is the best salesmen that Pinehurst Kia has and that no review or complaint I had would make a difference to him. He additionally insinuated that my wife had lied about asking for her keys and attempted to shift blame for the poor experience onto us. It is unbelievable that Pinehurst Kia employs sales people that have so little regard for their customers and believe that they can treat them in this manner. I am a active duty US Veteran and a repeat customer of KIA but this horrible service makes me hesitate to return to this dealer for anything let alone purchasing a car knowing the kind of people employed on the sales team.]
