[104184993492608953316,100930992410852034145,We purchased a living room set from Ashley’s Furniture less than 4 months ago and it has already completely fallen apart. The wooden frame and infrastructure have buckled in and are completely broken, which I guess should be expected when they are held together with nothing more than staples. The cushions have gaping holes and tears in the back of them and are completely flattened after three months. When lying on the pull out sofa bed, there is no stability and you are flung into the hole between the couch and the frame. Not to mention the sofa bed is about 2 inches thick and incredibly flimsy. I wasn’t expecting much, but I certainly was not expecting this. The Customer Service that we have experienced has been atrocious. We were told we would be contacted by a sub-contractor to come and assess the damage. After almost two weeks went by and we were not contacted, we called Customer Service again and were told that the contractor would be calling us that day. Once again, NOTHING. It was not until I told customer service that I had contacted the Better Business Bureau that the contractor was finally in contact with us. We were left a harsh voicemail message that they would be at our apartment between 9 and 12 the next day, an inconvenient time for two people who work during the day. Once calling back, we were told he would be at our apartment around 4pm. After leaving work early, to be home by 4, the contractor called us to let us know that he would be at our house by 7PM and would call a half hour before arrival. He did not arrive until 7:20PM and we were never called prior. Upon inspection he told us that our frame was completely broken due to a Manufacturer’s Defect and that he would not recommend to Ashley’s that we receive a replacement. He said that someone would come and fix the frame and we would receive new covers for our cushions. Mind you, the cushions themselves have gaping holes in them. He also said that he has seen this defect several times before. He was also not able to answer any of our questions and he said that the $100 protection policy we were hounded about when purchasing the living room set was useless and would not have protected us anymore than the Manufacturer's Limited Warranty. He also said it would take at least 3 weeks for any repairs to be made. We have been tossed around between the Customer Service Department and the actual store that we purchased the furniture from. What has happened to consumer protection in America? Both Bob’s and Raymour and Flanigan have return policies that benefit the consumer and have solved issues by the next day. No one has a solution and we are fed up. I want a complete refund for the set and I will never purchase from Ashley’s Furniture HomeStore again and I have already discouraged friends from purchasing there as well.]
