[104456288375686951431,100172407436155302707,Have you ever heard the term my family loves food, well if not I know just the restaurant for your family or guest! The flying tomato bar & Grill in Graham Washington owned and operated by the Walker family., and they do just love food! So today the un-food critic and company will visit the flying tomato and try out some of their specialty items. After entering the restaurant a friendly server showed us to a comfortable booth. As we were seated the server immediately ask for drink order and presented us with a menu. I can tell you right now I really enjoyed the fact that the server paid attention to each detail of our meal order. For starters we ordered the zucchini sticks. The zucchini sticks have been rolled in a special batter with just the right amounts spices then deep fried to give a rich full flavor. The sticks were served with a home made a cucumber sauce. I'm never enjoyed zucchini but this is the a real taste treat. With each meal at the flying tomato you receive what they call Recession Bread Basket. This wonderfully baked bread comes with a creamy butter spread that has a very smooth mouth watering taste. After enjoying the bread and the zucchini sticks, I decided to try a Philly steak and cheese sandwich. Now I know that sounds not like what you would want to buy at an Italian restaurant. However I wanted to see what they mean by term flame broilers burgers and sandwiches. All Burgers and sandwiches all come with your choice of either french fries, side house salad or soup du jour, for the price of $10. My brother who came along with me on this particular trip decided to have the Old World Meatball Sandwich. You have to understand that my brother is somewhat of a very knowledgeable food critic himself. He pointed out to me some of the interesting items on the Menu. The restaurants the DE-core is very family-style with added touch of class. Where else can you dine at and actually have the opportunity to draw on the table covering. This I found it very interesting especially when my brother was creating his own flying tomato sign. The waitress brought the food items to the table in a condition that I'm not ready for. The food was hot. The place settings were simple and very functional. The food itself was displayed properly on the plate with an eye-catching appeal. Now I'm always under the understanding that a Philly steak and cheese sandwich is served on a hoagie style role. What a surprise Philly steak sandwich is served on a round dark brown bun. The sandwich incorporates a combination of onions, peppers, cheese with seasoned Philly meat. Each bite has a taste of fresh peppers with a subtle hint of onion. Combined with special season Philly Steak meat makes what I call a real Philly sandwich. The old world meatball sandwich combines Marinara, onion strings, fresh peppers, & mozzarella. This sandwich also was served on a round dark brown bun, stuffed a specially seasoned meatballs. Here's a sandwich with a great taste..... that you don't have to ask where's the beef. The Flying Tomato Bar & Grill has a complete menu that covers salads, great pasta dishes, Flame Broiled Burgers and Sandwiches, Pizza, & Seafood items, prepared in the family tradition..... As for the un-food critic this is without a doubt one of the finest Italian restaurants in Washington.]
