[114967323555226757361,100428575252219508831,Absolutely sub standard for what I was expecting to get on my surprise date to The Infamous Palmer House. I felt like I was in the lobby getting spa services. There was nothing warm cozy or zen about the experience. It was just what I would expect from hotel chain cruise ship spa services and actually the cruise ship spa services was actually pretty fantastic. The relaxation room furniture is anything but comfortable and Im 135 5'5" but for my 6'5" husband the worse and i couldnt even sit next to him because the seats kept sliding apart that were pushed together to make a "loveseat" we were their for COUPLES treatments and were separated the whole time. The massage room was cold started late and with all the fluffing around of the sheets and blankets which eventually slide off during my massage I got less than 50mins. The massage had no rhythm and I just felt like a piece of meat being poked and tenderized as you could feel him rushing through the massage to make sure my 3 oclock massage that started at 305 was over at 354. I am a massage therapist so when we got home I was able to save my husbands CANCELLED massage because he 1. booked a couples massage which meant we should have been in the same room and we werent 2. he really wasnt a fan of having another big black man give him a massage. There is no harm in asking a man if he would prefer a male or female therapist when booking. Or just using industry common sense most men do not want to be massaged by another man. Your staff argued with us to the point where we had to pull out our reservation and show them we booked a couples massage only then did they apologize told us they didnt have room and then offered no recourse we had to argue for that too and was only given a refund on his massage. We had 90mins between our pedicures and our massages they parked us in the un relaxation room with no instruction about retrieving us to use the spa during our wait time. 30mins later I asked and was met with an excuse "we were waiting for your feet to dry" then an apology about how busy they were and forgot, which is it :-/. I def'ly did not appreciate shuffling through the hotel in my robe lugging a beach tote of my belongings up an elevator down a hall to be met by blaring urban music with commercials while in the locker room. Music with objectionable lyrics that i wouldnt play at home and wouldnt let my children listen to. honestly guys you cant afford $4/ month commercial free pandora. Again we were separated as the saunas are in the locker rooms. Had it not been for the sentiment behind the gesture this would have been a total wash. I will not recommend your hotel for anything to anyone.]
