[105019550792689877649,101167978197242930217,The reason why I rate Lexus of Clearwater so highly is because of David Craig, Mark Niquette, Roman Voloshyn, and Kevin Crosby. Firstly, Mark in service was so compassionate by taking me on an emergency circumstance to replace my old battery that died on me, so while they worked on my Lexus, Mark referred me to David Craig, to help me trade in my old Lexus and helped me find a new one. Secondly, David Craig is totally awesome! He not only greeted my mother and me with gentlemanly warmth and a kind and pure spirit, but also he talked Italian to my 87-year-old mother! He's not only charming with goodness that makes him handsome and wholesome, but he is completely business-like too. His method of public relations is dynamite! He is so down to earth with virtues of understanding, compassion, and a list of similar life experiences that I totally loved him and wanted to take him home with me! I feel as if David Craig is my very own family member: brother, husband :), and is like a son to Mom. He had the most utmost respect for my mother and loved listening to her life stories of when she was born and raised in Italy in the early 1900s. David kept me enchanted with his life experiences and I felt I could identify with him. Thirdly, David referred me to his team member, Roman Voloshyn, to help me and Mom in the process of buying my brand new 2013 Lexus RX350 to replace my former 2004 RX330. My new Lexus not only has satellite radio, but also has apps via my iPhone and bluetooth! I'm so excited! David Craig and Roman Voloshyn were responsible in keeping my mother and me comfortable while we waited from morning till night to get the best price for my new Lexus as well. I am overwhelmed with joy that Lexus of Clearwater showed the best compassion towards me in my special circumstance and gave me the greatest deal of the century. When Roman heard that I was in need of a hug, Roman Voloshyn gave me a big bear hug. I liked it so much I told him to just keep hugging me! There’s nothing but LUV at Lexus! Fourthly, after buying my brand new 2013 Lexus Luxury Utility Vehicle, Roman Voloshyn referred me to Kevin Crosby in Finance. Kevin was very nice and fast, and there weren’t any messy papers to sign because we signed on the computer through the glass inside his desk! I invite you to come into Lexus of Clearwater to see what great deal you can get on your new Lexus. Are these guys for real? Yes they are! Come and see them today to get into your new Lexus. They will treat you just right. Lexus of Clearwater has such a warm heart for people and want to fulfill their need for a dependable and safe car. They don't hound you like all the rest of the car dealers. Lexus has the highest amount of ethics in their salesmanship. I don’t buy anything but Lexus. Good and godly people, excellent service, and genuine care!]
