[108456992691484717935,101114006841852034466,This is a mixed review. The Ozark Inn & Suites were a mid-priced motel for a small town. The lady who checked us in was very nice. And the room itself was really much nicer than we expected. If I had posted a review within the first hour we were there it would have received the highest marks. An hour in to our stay, and just after coming back from dinner, the water went out. That is correct. No showers after driving all day. No flushing the toilet. We were told that the water was being worked on and would be repaired soon. It was not repaired until nearly midnight (the water turning on suddenly woke us up). I turned the water faucet off and went back to sleep/ The next morning when we turned the shower on, a thick black paste oozed out with the water, coating the tub with an oily film and staining the wash rag we used to attempt wiping it up. One of the things I look for in even the cheapest motel is the ability to take a shower and flush the toilets. I wouldn't make an issue out of a cold shower even. When I discussed this with the young man at checkout, he told me that it wasn't the hotels fault that their plumbing needed repairs, that the black sludge "probably wouldn't hurt you or nothing", and that he couldn't do anything about it. I told him that I wasn't the sort of person that yelled and screamed till he got a refund. But that I was not impressed with our stay and that I was the sort of person that left honest reviews on websites. He shrugged. So, over all the room was nicely furnished and clean. At one point, my wife I had discussed coming back to spend more time in the area to explore the nearby parks on vacation. But the lack of water and the "it's not our problem" attitude that accompanied it are among the worst experiences I've ever had at motel, hotel, B&B, or even a hostel. And I say that as someone who spends about 1/3 of the year living out of hotel rooms short term. Bottom line: I will never stay here again. But you might find it to be a pleasant experience if there are no unforeseen repair jobs during your visit.]
