[107793732895070216162,100926901317967840196,I was looking to buy a used 2009 to 2010 Impreza to replace my 2004 G35 and when I first arrived at the dealership last week being April 16th, Ben greeted me with a smile and asked how he could assist me. I told him, what I was looking for in a car, the mileage and my price budget. Based on that, Ben showed me 3 different Impreza models, allowed me to sit in it and then suggested I go for one in particular mainly because of the mileage and the price. At first I thought the price of the car was too high but with great research I found that the price was actually reasonable compared to other Subaru dealerships in the GTA, including used car dealerships. Ben and I sat down afterwards and I told him that I would like to bring in my dad to look at the recommended car of choice. I went back the same day with my dad and we both test drove the car and it felt really nice in the sense of suspension, pickup and comfort. Sure it doesn't have all the bells and whistles as my Infiniti did, but I believe that in the long run it will be a better choice for many reasons, particularly gas and repair costs down the road. I believe that Subaru is a utility car in the sense its for the daily driver. When it got down to working the numbers out, Ben allowed me to discuss the numbers with my dad, and the fact that I would be trading in my Infiniti as well. Ben gave us time to think it over and we went back to see him on April 23rd to work out the proposed numbers and negotiations. Long story short after offering three to four counter offers, both of us came to a final decision that would work best for us which left us with a smile. We were happy and they (dealership was happy) but they ensured that the entire process was pleasant. Then we met Sam who is the Business Manager I believe and he thanked us for our business and showed us the paperwork to be signed and even offered us the details of extended warranty to which we politely accepted it based on the services offered and the price. Overall the entire transaction went smooth, and most importantly both Ben and Sam showed excellent business ethics and ensured that we all left with a smile in the end. Definitely worth checking out Richmond Hill Subaru.]
