[111986991380323852017,100512946294283857481,My son's experience with Bliss Bakery. He asked them to fill out paperwork regarding his work experience and they told him that they would complete the paperwork. A month went by and when my son phoned to see if the paperwork was complete they told him that they lost it. My son then dropped off more paperwork and two weeks later called asking if they had it completed in which they told him “he wasn't a priority.” I then called Bliss Bakery and tried to explain to them they were not obligated to fill out the paperwork, but since they had told my son they would, to please follow through with their promise. The female owner was quite rude and told me that my son was not a priority. I told her that I didn't expect the paperwork to be done that day but perhaps in the next week since they had already told my son twice it would be completed. Well instead of completing the paperwork. The owner phoned the school, wasting the councellor's, my son's and my time stating that they would not be filling out the paperwork. The school then had to phone me and let me know but told me that regardless of the way Bliss Bakery acted that he would still be getting his credits. If Bliss Bakery had just told my son from the beginning that they were not going to fill out the paperwork all this could have been avoided.Unfortunately, sometimes kids have to learn the hard way that not so reputable companies do exist. I do believe that because a grown up called them on their lack of actions they were trying to be spiteful to my son which is highly unfortunate. THEN, I received another phone call from the school because Bliss Bakery was upset I wrote about about them on another review website. When you run a company and subject yourself to websites that have reviews, if you treat people unfairly, you will receive a poor review. You can't ask that it be taken down because you didn't get a good review! I believe when you promise anyone, especially a young individual that you are going to do something you follow through with your word. Bliss Bakery lacks integrity and I will never shop there again.]
