[100943807153858537046,101038731692575096783,Just moved out! THANK GOD! 3yrs in that rat hole. One of the worst places I've ever lived, and for the money it makes it 10X worse! Seriously, $950 for a regular one bedroom apartment with CHEAP selections all over! About me: I have an Engineering Degree and work in a near by oil field office, but previous to this position I worked for 4 years as a residential construction manager. Basically I built houses and know what CHEAP CRAP they put in these apartments. For the prices they are charging, they could upgrade everything to top in material and STILL make a killing on these apartments. Features: Cheapest carpet and carpet pad on the market, Vinyl floors in kitchen and bath, cheapest flat paint on the market, extremely cheap cabinets with NO Pantry or STORAGE! Appliances... HA A JOKE! Last was the cheap garden tub that they made into a shower and it makes noises every time you step or adjust your weight! AC units are aged and take more energy to run then newer ones, which means you pay more for electric then usual. $150month was an average for us and we were bottom unit. Parking sucks... Smallest parking spots I've ever parked in. Get ready for some serious door dings and if you have a truck, don't even think about it. THE MANAGEMENT IS THE WORST!!! I own 3 cars, and they broke the law by tagging my car to be towed in 24hrs. The law says they must notify the owner 10days prior to towing. I was parked in the rear of the complex away from everyone and had been clean and parked there for a few weeks without movement. I broke no contract or legal rules, yet they harassed me and threatened me about this. After I informed them of the Texas Renters Laws they backed off. THE BEST WAS when we finally left, we were sent a bill for $65 to "clean" appliances, AND $202 for carpet repairs and stains.... Let me shorten this ----- session by saying they are trying to steal from us! The carpet was over 6 years old coming appart from normal wear, BUT they think we should have to pay. The appliances were NOT NEW and from normal wear, they wanted to charge us some arbitrary number of $65 NOT stated in our contract anywhere! This is all AFTER we had a leak in our ceiling that was NEVER FIXED and created MOLD GROWING OFF THE CEILING IN OUR BATHROOM!!! We told them 4 times in a 4 month period and NOTHING WAS FIXED! DO NOT GO HERE. The office and pool look awesome. The Trees are cool, BUT YOU WILL PAY TOO MUCH FOR CRAP!]
