[104921350489278437730,100433834140603840831,First off, I had the worst possible experience you can have at a body shop, besides your car actually being stolen or destroyed while under their care. I took my car in with $600 in damage and they returned it to me with $1000 of NEW damage. Go figure. The initial repair was 3 days and the new damage took another 2 days. THE WORST PART IS THAT THEY DELIVERED MY CAR TO ME THINKING (MAKE-BELIEVING) IT WAS GOOD QUALITY WORK, I HAD TO FIND THE DAMAGE FOR MYSELF WHICH WAS EASILY VISIBLE AND I HAD TO MAKE SURE THEY SAW IT. Good thing I checked it out before leaving so they couldn't try and blame it on me. They must think I am an idiot and possibly everyone else who goes there. Their mission was to repair a small dent on my wheel well, and when I got my car back, the headlight was chipped ($500 for a new one) and so was the paint around the headlight, the bumper was protruding about a 1/2 inch and the bumper was not flush. It looked like they tried to put my car back together like an Erector Set (put together without finesse or care). On top of that, I never received a single phone call from a manager or the owner about the terrible damage that was caused to my vehicle due to their extreme neglect and not noticing it before giving it back to me. The owner, Mike, never contacted me to follow up and apologize during the 2 days they had my car after they damaged it. He apparently does not take his business seriously and has no integrity or sense of good business practice. Any other business transaction I have ever done where the person made a mistake, and in this case a glaring mistake, I have received an immediate apology/remedy and most definitely a phone call from the manager and/ or owner. IT IS UNBELIEVABLE THAT THE OWNER, MIKE, NEVER EVEN CALLED ME!! He didn't even come out personally to inspect the vehicle the 2nd time after they fixed their own damage done to my vehicle. Mike also still lives in the past and believes that good service a person tells 3 people and bad service a person ONLY tells 10 people. He actually said that to me. He obviously has never heard of the internet, where people can tell the ENTIRE world. The absolute worst service I have ever received in my entire life. Do yourself a favor and please tell 10 other people about the bad service from this place so Mike can retain his pride and wishful thinking. Update...It turns out...When I got home I realized that a screw is missing from my bumper and a small ding has been added to my fender thanks to the incredible service they provide. They damaged my car for the second time in a row!! I WONT BE GOING BACK EVER even to have the other new damage fixed!! This business is incapable of providing good service. Way too many mistakes at all levels... quality of work, quality control and inspection of final product, customer service, and most importantly Integrity and accountability!! FAIL!]
