[107855063926152946856,100577463739549796323,I feel so lucky to have found the Janet St. Paul Studio for Hair! This salon is by far the best in Austin. After receiving a traumatic haircut from a top ranked salon in Austin, I found Janet St. Paul when I was simply looking for a blow out to hide my bad haircut. I walked into the salon to inquire about appointments and the stylist Ashley saw my hair and immediately took me under her wing. After seeing Ashley for the last 6 months, my hair has honestly never looked better. It is truly amazing what Ashley has done with my hair. She took an awful haircut and has made simple cuts every month over the last 6 months, so that my hair looks good and grows out properly while at the same time saving the hair length. Ashley also corrected my damaged hair color. At Janet St. Paul they use the Balayage technique (see examples on Pinterest) for highlights and I can’t believe how much better my hair color looks as compared to my color when I used foil highlights. With Balayage, my hair is still blonde but has more depth, and now my natural light brown hair is being used in place of the low lights that used to damage my hair. Ashley also got me on a Phyto hair treatment program which has made my hair the healthiest it has ever been, and she has spent a great deal of time teaching me blow dry styling techniques which has really improved my hair on day to day basis. Overall, this is the best salon I have ever been too, even compared to LA where there are tons of great stylists. Not only is Ashley amazing, but I see both Janet and Shannon (other stylists) do amazing hair each time I am at the salon. Everyone is so friendly at Janet St. Paul, and the salon is always very clean and relaxing. It really is tough to find a good stylist in Austin, and I can honestly say Janet St. Paul is a safe place to get one’s haircut/highlights, without fear of walking out with unwanted layers or 5 inches suddenly gone. I would never go anywhere else but here and I highly recommend Ashley and the Janet St. Paul hair salon to everyone I meet!]
