[117685729651176138830,100353944448986519166,Absolutely awful and dishonest. I will start by saying two things; first, I am credit challenged and I was up front about that from the beginning. Second, I sold cars as a special finance director and internet sales manager for a number of years and I know the ins and outs of the business. That being said, I spoke with a salesman, Dan on the phone on a Wednesday evening. I explained my situation with my credit and my relatively limited income. Dan asked me to submit a credit application, which is pretty much standard operating procedure. I did, along with proof of income and a copy of my driver's license. Again, this is all standard and I had absolutely no problems with doing this. Dan said he was going to go to work on my deal with a couple different vehicles that they currently had on the lot. He told me all the great stories about getting people approved and into a vehicle who were worse off than I was, credit-wise. I knew the approval (known as a "call") they would get from the bank, if any, was going to be ugly. It was going to be a hard deal to get done. Again, I know this and I was very much up front. No problem, I was told repeatedly. I am also from Pleasant Prairie, and it would require my wife and I, along with our three children to make a trip up to Milwaukee; about 40 miles, to purchase the vehicle. I wanted to make sure that we could put something together before I packed up the crew and headed up. I was strung along all weekend, but eventually told that the vehicle Dan had selected wouldn't work, but the good news was there are other vehicles that would probably work if I was open to other options of perhaps a bit smaller vehicle. I am in desperate need of a vehicle and at this point, a reliable 4 door with 5 seat belts are my only requirements. I contacted Dan on Wednesday and he said that his sales manager was off the previous day, but he was going to go to work on the deal for me. He would get back to me. I heard nothing back. I had to be up in Milwaukee that day anyway, so I decided to stop by the dealership. I met with the sales manager, Darnell. Dan and Darnell were both very nice. I again asked them to just not waste my time. I have cash down, but challenging credit. Darnell told me "The good news is, we got you approved through GM Financial or Ally, I don't remember which one. But we got you approved and now we need to find the right car. We also got it approved with no cash down. Now that you have cash down, we will talk to the bank and find you a car." Dan offered to show me a few things on the lot. I knew we weren't going to be walking out with a car that day, but we settled on a pre-owned Chevy Sonic. Dan said he and Darnell would work on it and let me know. The rest of Wednesday passed with no phone call. Then Thursday passed with no phone call. I finally sent Dan a text message on Friday asking if we had good news yet. His response blew me completely out of the water. "I'm afraid not. Just checked w/ finance. You would definitely need a co-signer, even on the Sonic" was the response I received. Having worked in the car business for a number of years, I know one of two things happened. Either Darnell was lying when he said that we were approved through GM Financial or the Finance and Insurance (F&I) folks realized there would be no room in the deal for back end product (warranty, gap insurance, etc.) which is how they make their money. They may not have wanted to take a deal that wouldn't pay them anything. Either way, it is an absolutely dishonest business model. If I wasn't approved, then tell me that. If you can't help me, tell me that. Do not string me along, telling me that you have an approval when you don't. Simply, that is not how you do business. My best piece of advice to Dan, who seems like an upstanding guy who did everything he could at the salesman level, is to find a dealership that doesn't play these games with people. Find a place that is open and up front about everything and will take a deal, regardless of how ugly it is.]
