[114712187932904989440,101112028070338152828,While deciding what car to buy I visited all the home pages for the various dealers in the Bremerton, WA area. I visited the Advantage Nissan site and compared vehicles, available features and cost. I really liked what I saw at Advantage Nissan. I then visited the NissanUSA site. At that point, I was hooked on the Nissan Altima. Next I asked for information from Advantage and promptly heard from Chuck Capps. Josh Beckner contacted me and offered his assistance. A few days later Chuck sent information on the MLK holiday sale and that is all it took. The incentives being offered were too good to pass up. I sent him an e-mail with the description of the new Altima I'd like to buy. The next-day Josh called me to say he had my car, but it needs to be brought to Bremerton from another dealer. Saturday, 01/14/12, I went to Advantage Nissan to complete the paperwork to firm up the purchase. While there I met Kevin, the business Manager, Josh, and Adam Green; my wife and I were treated very well. Adam went with us on a test drive of an Altima similar to the car I am buying. The test drive went smoothly and I think the Altima performs super. By the time my wife and I were done we received an excellent deal on a 2012 Nissan Altima S with 20th Anniversary Package. Kevin did an excellent job to make sure we got the best deal possible. Adam Green helped us with some of the paper work and offered to help anytime. Advantage Nissan has outstanding core values and it is apparent all of the staff at Advantage Nissan subscribes to them. I recommend Advantage Nissan to anyone looking for a dealer who goes the extra mile and treats their customers with the utmost courtesy and respect. ******* 04/09/12: We've had our Altima for nearly 3 months now. When I picked the car up Adam Green made sure I understood as much as possible about our new Altima. He patiently went over every guage and display. He even set up my Bluetooth connection. During the past three months I have found the Altima to be truly the world's best value. On the highway the 2.5 engine really performs with no sweat. Road noise is minimal. The Altima performs well in all conditions at all speeds. I have continued to compare the Altima against other vehicles I could have purchased, but nothing beats the Altima. Advantage Nissan is the best dealer around. One could not ask for a better dealership who emphasizes value and quality. ****** 10/16/12 Our 2012 Altima was in for it's nine month service. I was greeted promptly, checked in and going in the door to my work in roughly five minutes. I appreciated the ride to work. I went back at 2:00 and the vehicle was completed and ready. One won't find a better place for a fair deal and quality customer service than at Advantage Nissan where there take good care of the customer after the sale. ***** 03/21/13 We have now had our 2012 Altima for just over a year and we been back to the dealer four times. I continue to be very impressed with the quality of our Nissan Altima. It gives us a quiet smooth ride on the highway. My visits to the gas station are now only a time or two a month. The performance is great as the 2.5L engine is no slouch. One will find nothing but excellent customer service at Advantage Nissan. They are respectful and courteous to their customers. The quality of service can't be beat. They do excellent work at a fair price. I'd recommend Advantage Nissan to anyone.]
