[107229223350191639162,100326453598252023200,I called this location and spoke with the manager, Russ. I informed him that my car would not start but I did not think it was a dead battery. He referred me to an 800 number where I could get assistance with having my car towed to the garage. They then sent Eric Hamilton Towing to where I was stuck. The employee who showed up tried to start my car and said it was a dead battery and immediately preceded to jump start my car. After successfully starting my car he said to head down to Russ at Goodyear to have it checked out and get a new battery. He took down some information from my car and drove off. I went to a different place to purchase a new battery as it was cheaper than Russ quoted me for at Goodyear. After getting a new battery I went to the Goodyear Service Center to see Russ as I was not sure if I was being charged for the jump start. Upon arriving to Goodyear Auto Service Center I was rudely greeted by Russ who acted like he did not know if I was being charged. He said he would not get a bill for 2 weeks if he was being charged and he would have to call the 800 number that he originally referred me to so he could find out if he was being charged. He stated that he was not going to charge me if he was not being charged. I stood there while he called to find out and when he was finished, he hung up the phone and said they were in fact charging him and that I would need to pay him $40 for a tow (that I did not receive in actuality). I did not argue and paid the fee to him and left. Right after I left, I received an automated survey call from that 800 number asking to complete a short survey regarding the service. I spoke directly with someone because I wanted to inform them that I was being charged for a service that I did not actually receive. They then told me that I was not to be charged because Eric Hamilton Towing was not charging for the jump start. They also stated they had told Russ at Goodyear that there were no charges. I called Eric Hamilton Towing myself to confirm that they were not charging for anything and the female supervisor there stated they were not charging as I was not towed. After confronting Russ with this information, he became extremely rude and requested someone from this 800 number to call and speak with him directly. (I do not know the name of the company this all started through.) I became extremely furious as Russ lied to my face and scammed me out of $40 for nothing. He did however agree to refund me the money and when I returned to the location for the refund, Russ had left the building. After dealing with other rude employees who acted like there was nothing they could do even after Russ told me on the phone he would refund me my money, I finally got my refund. It was quite a fiasco. I am fairly certain that Russ realized he got caught taking this money and called Eric Hamilton Towing himself to find out why they said they were not charging for a jump start. After all, he referred me to this company for the tow originally and has a close relationship with this company. 30 minutes after I spoke with Russ and he had agreed to refund me the money, I received a call from the lady who I had spoke with at Eric Hamilton Towing stating that they were now charging for a jump start which happened to be $45 (which is more than the $40 the tow would have costed had my car been towed.) She became very hostile and threatened me to come pay her immediately or she was going to call the cops and press charges for theft of services and have the cops put a boot on my car.]
