[108665341971325652439,100676485502814209834,WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING! I lived here for two years while attending full sail university. The property managers were extremely rude and highly unprofessional! WHEN I HAD FIRST MOVED IN: There were dead bugs along the floor where the carpet meets the wall. There was human hair and scum all over the bathroom that I had to clean up myself upon moving in. I went to open a drawer in the kitchen and the front of it ripped off - they would never come and fix it and then eventually said it was my fault and that they would deduct it from my original security deposit. Also, they said that I was accountable for any plumbing - well when I moved in my garbage disposal wasn't even working so whenever I would use the dishwasher the water would come up the sink and almost overflow into the kitchen...and here's the kicker - they never fixed it the ENTIRE TWO YEARS that I lived there. THE NEIGHBORHOOD: There were always hood looking people coming and going as if there was tons of drug dealing going on. One time there were about 20 cops with guns drawn going after a suspected drug dealer who was hiding in his apartment with an automatic weapon. THE MYSTERIOUS MAN: One time I went home for about a month back to Ohio. My place was locked and so was my balcony. Upon returning, I walked in my door and things were out of place. My soap in the bathroom was all used up and I had JUST bought new soap before I left for Ohio. Things were out of place and a change jar I keep in the living room was empty. I thoroughly believe somebody was using my apartment while I was gone and I think it was the maintenance men. They are the only people who had a key and must have noticed I was gone. Anyway, I installed a new deadbolt and the apartment ladies gave me hell about it and said I had to give them a key first. The whole situation had me sleeping with one eye open all the time and I got up to every noise I heard. It ruined my sleeping habits. MOVING OUT: Upon moving out, I cleared everything out and cleaned the entire place (even the balcony) to make sure that they couldn't charge me for anything. I did a very thorough job and it was WAY cleaner that it was when I first moved in. Well, a month later I received a bill in the mail telling me I owed them $380 dollars because there was garbage left in my apartment, and the balcony was dirty. I told them I had cleaned the apartment very well and that I was not going to pay it. And the balcony must have gotten dirty on its own because it was next to a tree. They threatened to destroy my credit over it. I ended up have to pay the $380 dollars to these crooked thieves. ALL IN ALL: This place is UNSAFE ESPECIALLY FOR YOUR CHILDREN!! The maintenance is absolutely pathetic and don't fix ANYTHING - they just ride around on golf carts. The office people are uncaring, rude, spiteful, and are never there to help you out. Their attitude was as if you had offended them every time you would talk to them. They are highly unprofessional and will find a way to rob you of your money. STAY AWAY FROM THE PARK!!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!]
