[103857332328587665379,100113966789418522932,Quite honestly-this is the worst place you could imagine living. The management doesn't care. They will undercut you at every turn. I paid a $224 for my application and 'deposit'-which was only supposed to be $99 due to an online deal at the time, but they didn't honor it. I paid for my brother to live here and paid for his deposit and application fee and got NOTHING back for his deposit. He passed final inspection and was supposed to receive his full deposit back. When I asked the people in the office about it (trust me, this is a joke because no one who is employed there has even the tiniest clue as to what is going on) they forwarded me the account manager. After over two weeks of arguing and asking for his final statement from them, I looked at it and it had a $100 'fee' on there. No specification as to why that fee was there or what it was for. I asked them multiple times and sent more emails than I should have asking for clarification and nothing got resolved...so if you want to know how they have all these 'awesome' activities, it's because they are perfectly ok ripping off everyone they can. I also was promised a $150 credit to my rent due to resigning on a certain date. Never saw that money either. And if the fact that these shysters are money hungry lazy jerks doesn't steer you away, there's also the crappy ventilation (my roommate had to ask them for over six months to fix her window which leaked water onto her bed every time it snowed and rained and my other roommate literally has a hole in her window that they told her was 'unfixable'), the tiny tiny parking spaces (i know a girl who got her car towed the other day WITH A PARKING STICKER ON IT!), the creepy people that they just let live there, and the cleaning checks that rarely happen in the time period allotted and when they do happen, you might fail for no reason (last month the guy didn't go into my room and the month before I failed for 'not cleaning' a job that wasn't even on my assignment list.) In other words-don't bother. This places sucks your soul almost as fast as it sucks your money.]
