[117648355389758821097,100919696771746405141,Where to begin...SO MUCH was wrong! I forgot to post my review after we ate there because I was just steaming from the awful food and service. The best part of my evening was the Toad Hollow glass of wine that I got. Instead of going back to keep enjoying the wine I went to Friar Tuck's and bought my own bottles. We were seated immediately as we walked in, which was nice. The hostess was pleasant. We had the Groupon and that was the FIRST thing that was asked of us from the waiter. He immediately told us some things were not available on the menu. We were left alone for at least another 15 minutes. We finally were able to order our drinks and appetizer. We ordered the combo appetizer and after about 15 minutes our flock of seagulls loving waiter came out to tell us that the coxhina and empanadas were no longer available when the tables next to us were able to get theirs. Anyway we ordered two other appetizers in lieu of the combo. We got the shrimp and beef tips - cannot remember the names and the website is no longer available (go figure!). The shrimp were over cooked and the garlic toasts they came out on were burnt. The beef tips were tough and drowning in a sauce. It looked like a disgusting beef stew. On to our dinners: I ordered the combo brasil and my friend ordered the seafood paella. When I think of brazilian food I think of bold and spicy flavors. This food lacked flavor and I was extremely disappointed. Two words: bland and mushy. My combo brasil consisted of frour small kebabs. One had a chicken tenderloin, the other three beef chunks (of all different sizes), the third had two pieces of shrimp and the fourth was a mushy pieces of fish. The chicken kebab was something I could make at home, but, at least it was edible. The beef tips were raw and purple! It was so disgusting. The shrimp kebab was overcooked. The fish kebab was mushy and there were bones through it. The rice was the best thing on the plate. I told my waiter that the fish had bones and the beef was raw and he gave us a free dessert, which was a surprise. The seafood paella made my friend want to kill himself. He was that disappointed. As the night went on our service got worse. We were not rude to the waiters either. I know not everything is their fault. I thought that when you have a Groupon the idea is to get customers in your restaurant and to keep them coming back. This restaurant is backwards; we were not the only disappointed table. They should just shut down. Horrible. I would never return. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!]
