[100415374977130369274,100695080461713100813,I do have to say that this hotel is incredibly beautiful, but the number of problems I encountered on my recent trip was unreal. Upon arriving I was in awe with the resort. As far as aesthetics go, this place has it all. My problem is with the lack of customer service. The night my boyfriend and I arrived, the two downstairs restaurants were "booked" we thought this was strange since there were servers standing around and a lot of empty tables. We learned from server that the restaurants had actually run out of food. We decided to eat at the lobby bar which is spacious and inviting. There were kids everywhere, which felt a little strange for a bar scene, but was only slightly aggravating. Our server took my boyfriends card at the beginning of the meal, which was fine, except that when she brought us the check to sign at the end of the meal, she didn't bring the card back. We gave her our room number so that we could receive our complimentary drinks, and took them with us while we explored the hotel. The next morning at bunch (we ate brunch in the spa. both meals were very good.) we noticed that we did not have our card. After running from the front desk to the bar a dozen times, our server from the night before got in touch with someone who explained that they cut up the card. Apparently, Marriott's policy is to call the bank, and it is our banks policy to cancel a card if it is reported in someone else's hands. I was furious. I felt as though our server, Elle, could have found our room number in her computer or the manager could hold the card in a safe for a day or two. I talked to a manager, Amy, who confirmed that the card was cut up. She offered to buy us drinks, which didn't soothe me. After a few minutes of thinking about it, I told a man at the front desk to let Amy know that I wanted a complimentary night. She never called. Over 12 hours later, I left her another message. She called early the next morning. Shortly after she called, a man knocked on our door and asked to look at our phones. We were still in bed. I found this to be very unprofessional and very rude. I went to see Amy shortly after this. She informed me that she believed that because I was staying under a discounted rate, that I was already receiving a considerable discount. I explained to her that I had been staying at Marriott's for years and that I did not expect less from Marriott as a company because I had a friend who works for Marriott that offered me a lower rate. Amy credited me $100 which was enough to allow me to feel some justice, although I am still irritated. Other discrepancies include dirty wine glasses, uninformed employees, and a lack of customer service. I had to argue with ten people to find out where our credit card was and argue with several more before anyone stopped to listen. It was a disappointing experience.]
