[116561620499600701021,100801824300633442538,After reserving 3 sites to tent here for 2 nights at $60 a night each ($360+ tax total) we expected a good experience. At 11pm sharp on our first night we were impolitely asked to put out our fire and to keep the noise down - understandably, this rule is clearly stated in their registration office. We were talking, and all but 4 people had gone to sleep, including 8 children. However, 2 sites down there was a loud party going on. We pushed over the logs in our fire and sat around chatting. At 11:15 someone I didn't recognize, but who was driving a golf cart walked up to our camp site and poured a bucket of water on the fire without saying a word. I like steam. At 11:30 the same people came back and accused us of trying to start the fire again and warned us the "Big Boss" would be around in the morning and they were putting in a report. We explained they were incorrect, out of line, and that they should shift their attention to the loud racket coming from 2 sites over. They did. In the morning an obviously aggravated 70+ year old man explained to the two wives who were making tea outside of my tent, that they should keep their husbands on a shorter leash and to be packed up and be gone in an hour. We had been kicked out! Check out was handled by the same old man (the owner). My friend who had payed for a site asked if Carson's had a Google Places page and the owner started into a tirade about how we should make sure we make a review and to explain to all our friends that our kind wasn't welcome at Carson's. He blatantly lied to us about losing money because of our "noise", when our friend who was in another section with a trailer informed us they had the sites filled with trailers within a few hours. I guess its only right that I share our experience, so he can get the right clientele, old people with trailers; and tenters with families can learn to avoid that curmudgeonly old fart, and his "fascist regime-like" team of retired Delta-Force security personnel. I expect that the fact is, the owner of this camp site is full of hate; and is put out by tenters in general, due to years of penny-pinching over lost trailer revenue. I've never been so insulted by a business owner and I would strongly recommend finding somewhere else to camp regardless of your "kind", sexual orientation, age, or creed; and particularly if you are a younger family or couple who has come to enjoy local culture and the beach in a natural setting after a long week of work. I almost forgot to mention that the first thing I thought of when we rolled into these sites - was an old townhouse subdivision in Brampton. This place attracts "city folk". We had 3 of 8 or so identical rectangular sites, each adorned with a cement fire pit and an asphalt pad for your car. They were encircled by tired looking cedar hedges and had NO trees - all crafted in a perfect rectangular shape, I expect to ensure the highest profits are generated with the least amount of maintenance. The riding lawn mower converted into a giant vacuum that covered everything in dust was a nice touch though, as they drove through the area vacuuming up dirt from the sites that had not been filled yet, well after the check in time of 2pm. Just stay away.]
