[104971874495345615374,100146150193172077335,We are college students, and for our budget this hotel was perfect. It's about a 5 minute drive from Sea World/Discovery Cove/Aquatica. About a 15-20 minute drive from Walt Disney World. Lots of restaurants nearby and it is right off of I-4 which was convenient for getting to Disney World. Room: very modern looking. Clean lines, very open and roomy. The floors of the room were odd to me as there was no carpet- just a "hardwood" laminate floor. This was fine by me until I walked barefoot for a few minutes and looked at the bottom of my feet...BLACK! Luckily, I always bring slippers when I stay in hotels so I just wore those while I was in the room. There is a also a rather large desk in the room which served as a nice station for uploading pictures and videos after each day. And one MAJOR COMPLAINT i had was that there were almost NO outlets!!! Only one by the desk, one by the A/C unit, and 1 in the bathroom. This was annoying because we had 2 phones, 2 cameras, a video camera, and a laptop to charge every night. We did not see any bugs. Bathroom: Tons of counter space! Plus, the entire underside of the sink/counter has a shelf so you can store things there (and the shelf is raised so your things aren't sitting on the nasty floor). The shower/toilet room was really tiny but it was fine enough for us. My only complaint about the tub was that the bottom was really rough so it was not very comfortable to stand on it after walking around the parks all day. Maybe bring shower shoes? Beds: very comfortable! Except they do not provide any comforters- only sheets and the fleece blanket that most hotels have. We never felt cold at night, but it would have been nice to have a soft fluffy comforter to relax on in between activities. Storage: TONS of extra room for suitcases, bags, coolers, etc. Dresser had 3 drawers, (1 shallow and 2 deep drawers). Closet was large, but I was the only one who used it so I'm not sure if 2 or more people could share it. Facility: The pool area looked really really nice. We did not go down to the pool to swim because it was too cold, but it looked like a nice relaxing place. The pool is a "walk-in" which is cool because I rarely see those. There is also sand around the pool area where the lounge chairs are which I guess gives you a "Beach" effect. The elevators almost never worked, which was a pain because we were on the 4th floor. In sum, we really did enjoy our stay at Avanti. If you've got a limited budget and you're not really that picky then this place would be perfect for you.]
