[106741994072444763477,100904533031989005222,This place only has one good thing about it, it has its own fridge n stove in each room (don't get excited, I NEVER said either was even nice or much less acceptable, think along the lines of it'd be cozy, if inside a room for a meth head with maybe even a couple of roaches he thought of as friends) The lady that's runs the place is somewhere around middle aged and Indian, or Pakistani, not sure exactly but she is rude, controlling, inconsiderate, and the list goes on (id be willing to bet everything I own that she really doesn't care about ANY customer to the point where im sure if you stayed the night youd be very lucky and one of the few if your got clean bedding, got your room swept and mopped and disinfected along with your fridge and all being cleaned) Im not a mean or vengeful person, I just felt almost the most disrespected I have ever been. I had just returned from my deployment to Iraq for 13 months witth the army had been havin really hard time dealing with being homeless off n on but getting rooms when finances allowed. On top of everything ive said, immediately after paying and receiving my key she told me " your not to have any company while your here, nobody at all, not even to stop by" hahaha, I hadn't even thought about that but that's besides the point. im a paying customer, who is she to tell me thisd? well at around 8:15-8:30 I had a friend from the church I had begun to go to once and a while but becam good friends with outside. well at around 10 minutes to 9 she calls my room demanding my friend leave or shell mae me leave and not refund my money ($69.99 for a night in this dump plus I had been there MAYBE 3 hours) Well im pretty much done ranting, bust one last thing, she had (what if you asked me to do the math id conclude was either friends or family) staying in 2 separate rooms downstairs. One was a indian man and the other room indian man n woman. who she had been cooking for when I initially checked in in her mnake shift kitchen behind the front desk then got together with the other 3 I saw her exit the rooms 3 separate times just by itself the 4 MAYBE AT VERY MOST 5 times I stepped out to smoke a ciggerette, n the third was after 100 at night when I smoked my last ciggerette before bed. I could hear them watching t.v. through the floor underneath me!!! I felt as if she was (at least at first) telling me I was not welcome or something, but after really looking at it after, she was (from the very beginning) taking as much as possible advantage of the fact that I was turning to my last and only choice at the time and I also felt she was trying to make it in my view to see that hewr friends (or family, whatever they were) received her acting n treating them like people, but that I didn't deserve that because (and im not being over dramatic) I PLAIN N SIMPLE WASNT LIKE THEM, I WAS WHITE. It wouldn't surprise me if my nightly rate was different then the select invidiuals she chose. Either that's the straight up truth, or she miscalculated American total for those rooms that resembled what youd expect to see in a bathroom in the deep backwoods of the luisianna swamps. Save yourself the the rage youll feel when trying to hold back from letting her get back what shes built up in you the whole time all in one act. plus a man room at the motel 6 up throad is the dsame price and its actually nice. or the (itseither best western or heritage inn) is like $15 more but its rteally nice plus pool, hot tub, n complimentary breakfeast]
