[115490720897739219006,101061435987008212250,I purchased an I Taste SVD From Vapure in clairmont the guy there sold me the unit and informed me that the wick and coil system may be purchased at there stores but they sell out quick. I used it for two weeks and it stoped working. So i went to the corprate offices in Mission Valley and explained to them that I was going on vacation and my unit was not funtioning properly and I need it fixed before I go. She told me after a half hour of trouble shooting that it was the wick and coil that failed and that they did not carry them and to go back to clairmont store to get more wicks and coils. luckly enough I had three extra wicks that came with the unit. So I installled the first one in the unit and it failed after two tokes. So I tried it again and then again. Thinking that they were all defective I went back to the clairmont store and the manager there explained that my voltage was up to hi and it vapurized my coils. That would have been a good warning of what not to do when I purchased the modle right? Anyways I started to think about how that could have happened and I relized that the girl at mission turned the settings to hi voltage when she was trouble shooting the unit. You would think that she knew this valuable piece of information on how not to burn you wick and coil with two tokes. but no! this was not the case. So longer story short clairmont says they don't sell the wick and coils, but to purchase them on the internet. what a hassle! So he tells me that I can buy a different tank like the protank for $18 dollars. with two wicks and coils that they do sell at there stores. within two days my liquid is darkened it taste like I am vapuring the wick and so I look on line for the I taste SVD wick and coil systems and I can not find them without buying the whole atomizer kit. I am sorry that I ever visited Vapure of San Diego it does not matter what store you go to, because they hire people and do not instruct them of the facts of the most popular items that they sell.]
