[110989703753402525899,100332640985334011968,Well, first off this team would like to embarrass you if you come in with something that THEY can't figure out and proceed to infuriate you without any concern on their part. My experience started out ok--they gave me a replacement phone when my screen died. I had to take my phone back in because 1. the screen has a film of some sort on it that I couldn't get off even with an alcohol wipe and 2. all of my contacts didn't come over. Welll, when I tried to show them my screen, the hateful man from the "service" department wiped it with his cloth before even looking at what I was trying to show him and stated as he plopped the phone on the counter "ma'am, there's nothing on that phone". Now, anyone who has ever worked a moment in customer service knows you don't try to make your customer look like a fool or that they are "seeing things". I stated well, there was something on there that I coudn't get off or I wouldn't have mentioned it. Again, the man with a smart attitute said "there's nothing on that phone". Well, I asked to have someone else assist me and so Pam helped me get the remainder of my contacts converted over. She is kind and helpful. Once that finished, I walked outside and the same film I saw before showed up-so I walked right back in and let them know that there was indeed still something on the screen. Instead of taking a look at it where I was--another smart alek worker took the phone to the back and I could hear them all laughing saying "I can't see anything"...and just carried on at my expense. The guy brought it back and said again---"there's nothing on your phone" I said, there was...and that I am sure it would come back as it already had and also let him know that I could hear them all laughing and I didn't feel like that was very good service and that they all could use a good lesson in what that meant---IT IS OBVIOUS SPRINT DOESN'T CARE ABOUT SERVICE!!!!!! Good luck if you buy a sprint phone and especially from this store. It is RIDICULOUS that 2 days later, I am still mad about my experience. So much so that I bought a new Galaxy Note II from VERIZON and will be CANCELING MY SERVICE WITH SPRINT...NEVER TO RETURN.]
