[109615257145495723493,100438955461532587245,I've been going to The Avenue at least one or two times a month for the last year. It has, without a doubt, one of the best vegan burgers in Saint Pete. The menu encourages a mix and match attitude to create your favorite burger along with providing a wide selection of "theme" burgers. Add to this the fried pickles and fried oreos, and it's a wrap. The food is just plain delicious. Unfortunately, the food is the only thing The Avenue has going for it. My first problem with The Avenue is that it doesn't seem to know what it wants to be, or rather, what it wants to be isn't what it really is. The walls are covered with big screens that run all the latest sports...but it's not really a sports bar. The walls are covered in kitschy tag sale-esque decor and raw lumber...but it's not really a neighborhood chain restaurant a la Applebees or the Outback. The bathroom door is covered in license plates and swings like an old west saloon...but it's not really a honky tonk. The logo on the wall is a clear rip-off of Jay-Z's Blueprint III album cover...but it's not really a hip-hop club. The top-shelf liquor of the bar looms like a manhatten speak easy, but it's not really a velvet rope type of establishment. On weekends there is usually an overly loud local DJ mixing the latest hip-hop and club music...while families play cornhole outside on the sidewalk. WTF is this place trying to be? Are you a burger joint or a night club? Are you a family restaurant or a party bar? Pick one. Go with it. Get good at it...stay the course. We're here for burgers and fries...not the wheels of steel at 150 decibels. The problem isn't that The Avenue offers so many options. The problem is that it doesn't do any of them well. If it picked one and went all out, I'd find that acceptable. Instead it's a mashup of "almosts" and "kind ofs" and "not quites." None of it works other than the food. It's too bad The Avenue is spending so much time focusing on the extraneous and often irritating facsimiles of style rather than making its own. My other grip with The Avenue is the serving staff. If you walk in the open doors, you'll find that all the servers are young women firmly entrenched in the current 80's nostalgia of hipster nerd culture. They're all very pretty and very nice and very willing to say hello with a smile. They're also very incompetent and more interested in dancing near the bar than actually helping customers. Not one of them has ever been able to get my order correct. I've ordered drinks that never arrived, asked for omissions from burgers due to food allergies only to have extra portions of the unwanted add-ons piled on top, and repeatedly get the veggie burger served to me rather than the 9-grain vegan burger I ordered (they offer both, which is a plus...but serve me what I order, please!). Considering that this is essentially a burger place with a straightforward menu of grilled and fried options, it's unacceptable that the serving staff can't do their jobs adequately, let alone expertly. After repeated visits, it is obvious that the servers are hired to be eye candy and not actual servers. To put it plainly, the service at The Avenue sucks. One last note. Don't ever try to use the bathroom. There is only a one-stall unisex bathroom that I have found to be covered in urine and crumpled paper towels on the two occasions I felt the urge to relieve myself. Disgusting doesn't come to explain what I found. So, my recommendation is that you try the burgers, but do so via take out/pick up. The food is good, but it's not the kind of restaurant/bar/nigh-club/theme park you want to spend too long in once you get past the ripe ol' age of 25.]
