[113973524537991285680,100921821313939288166,At 56 years old, I have bought/leased a few cars........Everything from Corvettes to GMC Denali & a lot in between. Finally caved & bought a Hybrid. Tired of spending $300 + a week on gas. After driving EVERYTHING under the Sun, I finally decided on the Cmax. It was superior in every category , in my opinion. Best comfort, best acceleration, best features, best ride, best gas mileage, best value. The only thing the Prius V has over the Cmax is a bit more cargo space. When I searched the Tulsa dealers, Bob Hurley had pretty much the vehicle in stock that I was looking for. Called and talked to Donna Lolato to schedule a test drive. When I arrived, the car was waiting for me by the front doors. After a brief summary , we took it for a spin. After 2 minutes, I was sold. Though, I had to return later that day for "wife approval". That being said, we returned to the dealership at 5 ( Donna was supposed to leave at 5, but was gracious enough to stay. More than I can say for a certain Lexus Dealer). She let us drive the Cmax while she had my CUV appraised. When we returned, she had the appraisal ready for us. Surprisingly, it was exactly where I thought the trade-in should be. None of this $500 here & there, "let me go talk to the manager" crap. With a minimal amount of negotiating the car price, we had a deal. At no time did I feel pressured to buy anything. Just a completely easy going atmosphere. I am fortunate to have a high credit score, so they got me an interest rate even better than my bank could offer. Finalizing with Jason Barnett in the Finance Dept. was also a breeze. Didn't try to sell me a tire warranty, undercoating or any of that other happy crap that finance guys do. Discounted the gap ins. for me with no problem. Total time in the finance office 15 minutes. Total time from arrival to driving off the lot in a new car approx. 2 hours, but this included Donna giving me the Ford Voice Control primer & doing some bluetooth programming. The next afternoon Donna did a followup call to make sure I loved the car, which I do. 47 mpg RULES ! Also got a call from Vincent Hennigan the "Tech Specialist", set up an appointment to really go over the active controls ( a lot of which I had figured out myself). But after spending an hour with him, learned some other really cool features. I know this review was lengthy, but THE BOTTOM LINE IS: THIS IS THE MOST PAINLESS, ENJOYABLE CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE I HAVE HAD..........EVER.......PERIOD. Five Stars. Buy a car here !!!!!!!]
