[100789031837919150057,100047389683778155224,I read this last review and that is what first got me to call Charlie's Auto Center. I have to say that it was nothing but the truth. I am very mechanically inclined myself and its very hard to win my trust when it comes to a mechanic. I was having problems with my Porsche Cayenne and the dealership was going to charge me over $1500 in parts. So I found Charlie on Google read the review and gave him a shot. I described the problem to him over the phone since I knew a little about what was going on, he instantly sent a tow-truck over to my house and ordered parts right away. By the time my car arrived at his location he had the replacement part in his hands. I arrived a few hours later in amazement that he was so on point and he kept a spotless garage. He talked me through the problem that I was having and gave me options. Telling me that he was going to try to fit what was broken with the new part that he had ordered. He also told me if all his efforts were unsuccessful we would have to buy a full driveshaft. So I was really glad to see that he was on my side, that is really truly important when it comes to a mechanic. Really happy at this point that I chose Charlie, even though my problem was far from over I was very reassured that the problem was in great hands. I got a call back from Charlie and he told me that he was unable to fix the part due to me driving on it too long after the issue accrued. Which was something he told me right off the bat so it was no surprise. He then told me looked into getting me parts from another German parts seller and it would be a few hundred dollars cheaper but same quality and same warentee. I was so glad that he was looking out for me.. Again more options, great guy! And looking out for his customer. My Cayenne is now fixed I also had him do a oil change, he told me he looked over the whole car to make sure everything looked good. I will be a continued customer for life, from just this one experience I know I have found my shop to go. I am very happy with the communication and the superior service that I experienced. I used to be a dealership only guy... Not anymore! Charlie's Auto Center is where I will be taking my wife's car, my Porsche and all my project cars. What else can I say, I am really glad I have found a quality mechanic I can trust! Thank You Charlie!!]
