[101305086539397266339,100994882680669181395,I BECAME RUDE AND LOUD AFTER SHE LARCENED MY MONEY FROM ME AND I HAVE WITNESSES THAT WILL STATE SHE STOLE MY MONEY! This establishment s owner needs to grow some testicular fortitude and stand up to the wait-staff and bartenders! He allows a bunch of Femi-Nazi women to manage the place that have no sense of customer service abilities. On three separate accounts and especially the last one makes this place intolerable. The first time the bartender came into work the bar but all she would do was gab with the wait-staff crying about something that happened that day and 7 or 8 patrons were waiting to be serviced but after 20-25 minutes of waiting we all decided to leave and go to a different establishment. Keep your personal life at home; if you ve had something that bad in your life then take the day off of work. A second time; I hit keno for $410 on a Saturday and I tipped the bartender very handsomely that day and then came in again on that Sunday; had lunch, left a tip near my plate and moved from one seat at the bar to another to where a friend was sitting. About an hour later that same bartender made a comment loud enough for everyone to hear WHERE S MY TIP she says to me. I told her I left one near the plate earlier and that you don t demand a tip from your patrons; YOU EARN YOUR TIPS! That next week she wouldn t serve me and told me to not sit at the bar. But she would allow me to drink at tables; therefore, I kept giving the waitress nice size tips which would have gone to the bartender if she had any intelligence to her. The third and final blast at me was this past week before Thanksgiving: I bought the people at the bar near me a round of drinks. I paid the bartender for that round and a tip. About a half hour later I requested another round for myself and gave the bartender a $10 for that round, and I m waiting, and waiting and waiting; finally I ask her where were my drinks that I just gave you money for. She comes back and says I never gave her money and I said B.S I did too. I had three witnesses that verified to her that I gave her the money. She then has the nerve to tell me I m cut off and tells me to leave and never bother come back. And I told her that she s the one that should never bother coming back when you cannot perform your duties as a bartender and stealing my money. Therefore; I will not come back until I get an apology from this establishment. And my $10 that she stole from me.]
