[101706378731275358881,100930369143893380833,Unprofessional and false advertisement are a few things that come to mind when I think of my time at Double P Ranch. I would like to take a few moments to discuss my experience in an abbreviated fashion. First, let me discuss the pros and believe it or not there are quite a few despite my intro into this review: Pros: - Facilities are great, by far in the top 5 hunting lodges I have ever been at. - Great amenities included (pool table, foosball, Satellite, bedding, etc). - friendly and welcoming - competitive pricing - Snow goose guide Chad was friendly and informative and worked hard to ensure we got birds - Chef Chris did an amazing job on the meals that were cooked - immediately greeted and offered lunch before we could take our shoes off. - offers many types of hunts such as pheasant, coyote, snow goose, white tail and fishing Where it all goes wrong... Cons: - The proprietor of the lodge appeared to be drunk most of the time my hunting party was there. - was offered to come out Ice fishing free of charge on the day we arrived, but all Double P Ranch Staff and "fishing guide expert" were fishing in heated enclosures while my brother, father and I were left out in sub zero weather for many hours fishing. We were offered an ability to to warm up but were never offered to fish inside the ice house. - when the Proprietor, Cyrus, was asked about the poor conditions during fishing stated that my Family and I were drunk on the ice and just not into "it" so we had a "bad time". Not true. We arrived, unpacked and went directly out on the ice. We were not drunk after a 6 hour car ride... - Staff is unfamiliar with terrain, my family and I spent over 2 hours digging and towing guides and owners vehicles out of a service road to the lake we were fishing on. - Double P Ranch and Cyrus boasted about a 3 meal chef experience. day 1 and day 2 breakfast was not offered and we ate gas station burritos before we went to the blinds. - Amazing lunches, per their website, were to be provided. I quote an example lunch from the website: "Blackened chicken Panini... with pepper jack, spinach, onions and creole mayo" it was 2 lunches of cold cuts on wonder bread or wheat bread with mayo... not what I paid for, nor was it ever mentioned on the website there would be cold cuts and wonder bread served. - Asked snow goose guide about the breakfast and lunch situation. I was told those lunches were only offered to duck and pheasant hunters. This was NEVER communicated! - My hunting party expressed an interest into coyote hunting and the guide never showed up until Sunday before we decided we had enough and packed up - Cyrus offered a evening Fish for us on Saturday since we did not do well snow goose hunting. he nor the "fishing guide expert" were willing to show us were to go because they were on their way to the strip club. In my honest opinion, I had a good time despite the situation, because when surround by friends and family in a relaxing environment anyone can have fun. But that was not what I was expecting or paying for. It burns even more since this was my last trip before I move across the country away from my family and I paid for this trip as a gift to them. Cyrus offered me and my father a free trip out fishing and another guest of mine a free pheasant hunt. This is not a good business model. If you are interested in spending 240 dollars a day to go hunt and be treated like the owners old college buddies, you will not be disappointed. If you are looking for a professional guide service and top notch experience I hope that you look elsewhere for your next hunting trip.]
