[114284807299404883225,100902507090460463802,My experience with Castle Chevrolet was as followed. I knew that I wanted a Chevy Camaro 2LS in all black. I looked at about 10 Chicagoland Chevy dealers. For some reason the internet sales guy Xavier Cruz was understanding of exactly what I wanted, and knew that I already had my financing in place. After about 3-4 weeks of communications I called and spoke to a sales manager by the name of Mike Rodriquez. After about 2 phone calls we struck a deal! Very pleasant and easy going. I called him to have the invoice sent to my financing company and Mike told me to call back and let him know when I wanted to come in to pick up the vehicle. I called him at about 3 pm and he said he would have the car cleaned and gased up. Upon arriving at Castle Chevrolet I dealt with a salesman by the name of Erick Schneuker. This was the most pleasant part of my experience. Erick was told by Mike that all the numbers were already in place. I test drove the vehicle (which was clean, full tank of glass, and exactly how it looked in the pictures), went back in at sat at Ericks desk for about half an hour and talked about sports and he told me the details of the Chevy Camaro and about how Castle cares about their customers unlike some dealers. after about half an hour I was prompted to go into the finance managers office to sign paper work, this was the only part of my Castle experience that I wasn't too happy about. He wasn't a friendly guy at all, He said "please sign here, here, here, here, would you like a warranty, ok no, sign here, Thanks for doing business at castle Chevy enjoy your car" and that was all in the matter of less than sixty seconds. Not sure if it just wasn't his day, or the fact that I wasn't doing my finance through him. Whatever the case be I would give Castle Chevy a 10/10 and give the finance guy the benefit of doubt. The other thing that bothered me is the "Castle Difference" all online it is advertised as Free oil changes, nitrogen fill up, car wash, and FREE TIRES, yet when I get to the dealer they tell me that the tire part isn't included for the Camaro. Very misleading and that was one of the main reasons why I chose to do business with Castle due to "the castle difference", wasn't too happy about that. But big thank you to Xavier Cruz, Mike Rodriguez, and especially Erick Schneuker!]
