[100714214338010610027,100636053636709614115,I lived in Columbus for about a year and was a member at Snap Fitness. I enjoyed the gym so much so that I would drive to Fort Benning for work and then drive back to the exit 10 area just to go work out. Randy, the owner, is caring, kind, and knowledgeable. He trains everyone from teenagers in middle school to senior citizens. I have tried most of the bigger gyms in Columbus, and Snap Fitness on Double Churches is by far the cleanest gym I have ever been to. Randy usually has his employees clean in the mornings, and then he will clean later in the evening once the 5-o'clock rush has hit (by the way, the post-work rush usually tops out at about 15 people in the gym). Cleaning typically consists of sweeping, mopping, and wiping down all of the machines with a Simple Green solution. The restrooms in the gym are also big enough to double as a changing room. It has most of the typical amenities you'd think a larger health club should have--tanning booth, forearm rollers, foam rollers, ab mats, stretching cables, jumping rope, etc. There is a fairly open space at the back of the gym that will accommodate Crossfit-type activities, but don't drop your barbells like Crossfitters love to do! Snap Fitness is also a franchise, so your key card will work at any Snap Fitness--I've tested this out, and it worked in Charleston, SC, San Fransisco, CA, Knoxville, TN, Hattiesburg, MS, and Charlotte, NC. Before going, though, call the gym and ensure a staff member is there--it is a 24/7 gym, but a staff member is usually there from 9am until 6pm. The poor reviews from earlier are before Randy owned the gym, and things have certainly turned around since then. (Also, I think you're probably not the brightest crayon in the box if you continue to let a fitness facility charge you several years after you've left...clearly you don't care THAT much about it.) I HIGHLY recommend Snap Fitness, and any time I'm back in Columbus, I will be going back there.]
