[116272599372481610385,101137711633994289331,I went to Dr. Alavi for a consultation based on the recommendation of a friend. I've known for many years that I wanted to get a breast augmentation and was finally ready to move forward. I made an appointment and kept my mind open to what I would hear. From the moment I walked into the office, I felt welcome. The staff at the front was very welcoming and offered water, coffee, etc. I was brought back at my appointment time and immediately started talking with Pat. Her demeanor and attitude took a lot of my nervousness away - I had never had surgery, let alone an elective one!! After speaking with Pat for a little bit, she brought me and my husband to another room where Dr. Alavi came in and met with us. I didn't know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised with the time he took to get to know me and what I wanted and what I was looking for. He explained the way he works and how "OCD" he is, which is great, considering this is my body and wouldn't want anyone to just treat me like another number (which he does NOT do at all)! I scheduled my surgery immediately with Dr. Alavi, I know that most people would recommend speaking with several surgeons, but after meeting with Dr. Alavi, I felt completely at ease and comfortable with him. I knew that I could trust him and he would take good care of me. The day of my surgery and the weeks after (it's been 6 weeks), have been wonderful. The follow-up from Dr. Alavi's staff has been excellent, and I've even received calls from Dr. Alavi himself to check on me. That is when I knew I'd made the right choice, the results have been amazing, but getting calls from Dr. Alavi made the experience even so much better. Not too many doctors are willing or able to take time out of their busy schedules to check in on you, but Dr. Alavi makes time. If you want a Plastic Surgeon who will make you feel beautiful with or without surgery, Dr. Alavi is the perfect choice. If you want a PS who gives you recommendations based on your body type and not your wallet, Dr. Alavi is the perfect choice. If you want to go to an office where you feel like you are an actual person and not another account number, Dr. Alavi's is the perfect choice!]
