[103865438280165273657,100645032544753361979,We are approaching our 1 year mark here at Logan's Mill and it has been a mostly good experience. I'm writing the review since I relied heavily on them when I was first searching from across the country, and hopefully it will be a help to someone at some point. Logan's Mill has it's good traits and bad, like any, but for the price we pay for living I'd say the good traits decidedly outweigh the bad. Generally, I really love my home. To be helpful I'll talk about the few issues we have here, but just know I really feel we've lucked out living here thus far. The biggest issue- and I'm surprised I didn't read about it in all my research- is the TRAFFIC. If your morning commute has you leave before 8... it's just a nightmare. And I can only imagine that will be even worse with the school opening up right off 35 as well as new building that's supposedly going to be started next door. There's a lot of business around which is good, but again it can be a hassle getting anywhere here. Now, our rent is being raised and we are unsure about staying as the traffic is a daily issue. Other things that might bother possible future residents is the dog crap on the grounds seems to be out of control. It doesn't seem there is much management can do about it, but I think it's pretty necessary considering how gross it is. People seem pretty secluded in their places around here, so we haven't gotten to know anyone. There's the occasional shady character that appears, but as a 25 year old female I feel safe here. Those are all conditions outside of the apartment, and I am pretty satisfied when I'm inside my home. There's been some issues with the stove-top burners, freezer coldness, and the water has been shut-off a few times which is annoying, but management is decent about doing their job. You might have to press them to fix it right, but I guess that' been more of my boyfriend's job. Other than that, I love laying by the pool, the walk to the bus is quick, the initial rent was well worth-it, and Monica has been A-OK in my book. Like I said, I moved here from across the country and her and Jennifer ( who sadly I believe doesn't work here anymore) were more than helpful of giving me any information and working with me from a distance. The new girls seems, eh, OK, but I hope Monica can get her trained like Jennifer was. Anyways I hope this helps someone, I know it would've been very helpful for me!]
