[108205822668229759594,101023577800250560084,I usually don't write reviews unless they are "excellent". I like to encourage those doing a good job and I prefer to simply ignore and stop using the services of those that I was disappointed with. But I'm so upset with my recent experience at J Richard Lilly & Associates that I decided to share it. I see a nurse practitioner (nice person) for over a year now. The services reminds me of those from rural areas in Brazil where I grew up, simple and ok. I find it convenient, because the office is 2 blocks away from where I live. It's been a while that I have been put on a prescription to treat hypothyroid - something that I requested to be checked for. The dosage is still the lowest. At some point earlier this year, I was finally asked for a blood work to re-assess my thyroid hormone levels and possibly increase or maintain the prescription dosage - I have reasons to believe it needs to be increased. A couple of months later I came back to follow up on my lab results. After paying my co-pay and waiting for one hour I was informed by my nurse practitioner that the Lab didn't get my blood work tested for the thyroid and that I would need to draw blood once again. Used to the rudimentary service, I didn't bother at all - not as much as it bothered my wife, who has been asking me to change my PCP since my first consultation. After all, the nurse practitioner told me I wouldn't have to come back for the results, she would give it to me over the phone and refill my prescriptions with my pharmacy. That would do for me. So, after all my complacency, what would upset me so much, right? Well, I run out of my prescription a month after the blood work was done, so I decided to call my nurse practitioner to obtain my lab results and the new prescription refill. I was informed by someone in the office that I would have to come in for an appointment. I explained what happened and that I wouldn't come in, since the nurse promised to give me my results over the phone. Their staff told me they would make a note saying that I wouldn't come in and that's it – no further help. I called again yesterday (my second day without my prescription) and had to leave a message after being held on call for 10 minutes. Today is my 3rd day without my prescription. I will try to call them once again, although I just changed my PCP with my insurance co. I will see my new Dr. in 2 days, which means I will be a whole week without my prescription. In conclusion, I am not sure if they are only incompetent or if they do it on purpose to get you coming in as many times as possible for the money. In any case, it can't be good for you if you have serious health concerns. Other than that, I find the staff to be very kind and friendly - including my nurse.]
