[109539531659991764301,100541659917578195502,Where do I begin? I needed an SUV (2005 Chevrolet Equinox with over 200,000 kilometers) to go to Arizona and rented this vehicle for 6 days...to which I paid for the 6-day rental plus extra insurance. When the owner showed my friend and me the vehicle, the check engine light was on and would not turn off. He said it was nothing to worry about. I asked him about it 3 times in front of my friend and same story. I even asked for a van instead and the owner ignored me. The vehicle was also horribly dirty inside the cab and the engine was caked with mud. We needed a vehicle, so we took the owner at his word on the check engine light (sensor issue) and headed out. It drove all right all the way south and after a couple of days, while I stayed longer, my friend drove the SUV back to Calgary. He got 10 miles outside of Nephi, Utah and it broke down. It was about 10:30 at night and he had to call a tow truck, which we paid $145 to have it towed to Nephi to have it assessed in the morning. The mechanic said the air filter had never been installed properly from the last service and it was jarred loose. We paid $80 to have that replaced. Then the mechanic discovered the reason for the engine light -- the 2nd cylinder trip code was shot. That would have been a $6000 bill in Calgary, but this mechanic said he would do it for $2,000 or offer to buy the vehicle from the rental company. The owner of the rental company said he would talk to the mechanic. I think what happened is he learned his insurance wouldn't cover it because it had broken down and wasn't in an accident. He actually said it would have been better if we crashed it. Then he tried to make us responsible for it. I also had to fly my friend back to Calgary from Salt Lake City because the rental company offered no other alternative transportation, other than trying to force us to tow it back to Calgary. Then he tried to say we violated the agreement, but didn't say how. We did everything to inform him about the vehicle once we assessed what was wrong with it. The owner also took it upon himself to double charge me exact amount of the rental and extra insurance on my credit card, which I had to leave an imprint of when I picked up the vehicle. He also took it upon himself to try and take out another $1000 off the same card. The credit card company reversed those charges, and a few weeks later, when he kept waiting for me to have the vehicle transported (or sell it to the mechanic -- even though it is not my vehicle to sell), he tried to take another $2500 off my credit card. DO NOT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY! I did contact a lawyer, who unfortunately was no help because even though she said she would, she was too busy to even send him a letter. The vehicle still sits in Nephi, as far as I know, and hell will freeze over before I pay him another red dime. When I calculate the mileage versus what I paid extra for the tow, filter, and flight, the owner owes ME.]
