[108285233173777092840,100067887143970202616,When we first looked into Uberdog, it seemed like a great deal; four private lessons and a lifetime of group lessons for a flat fee of $1075. We met both trainers briefly and they seemed competent and knowledgeable. During the private lessons, which ranged from 30 – 60 minutes each, we learned basic commands and how to use a shock collar. As instructed, we practiced with our dog several times a day for about five minutes. In short, the private lessons were adequate. We were instructed to start group classes and that is when things became disappointing. Our particular pooch is super excitable with other dogs and people. Our first group lesson was just okay. Other class members worked on the place command and we struggled to keep our dog under control among so many other people and animals. At one point a frustrated trainer told me I needed to handle him better. At that same time, the other trainer was making off-handed remarks about my children being a distraction (we had confirmed they could come to lessons before we signed the contract). The second class was horrible. I went alone because my husband was refused to go back. With around 15 other dogs present I found myself totally overwhelmed. My dog was so excited he would not listen to voice commands and the shock collar was useless. To top things off, by their words and actions I felt the trainers were annoyed with me, as though I was the cause of the crazed puppy at the end of the leash. What I didn’t feel was the lifetime support they offer, or any clear direction in how to handle my dog when what they had taught me clearly wasn’t working. I ultimately left in frustration before the class even started. We will continue to work with our dog using what we learned in the private lessons. And we have identified resources at Petsmart to help us with socialization in a small, controlled environment. But I am doubtful that I will return to an Uberdog group class (my husband certainly will not); they are too big and I didn’t feel we had enough guidance. Before signing with Uberdog I highly recommend you consider how you and your dog will do in the large group classes because that is what you are really paying for. If you factor out the group classes, we spent roughly $268 for each of the 4 private lessons. I could have spent $109 for 6 weeks’ worth of classes at Petsmart, learned the exact same commands, and would be in the same place I am today…only $966 richer.]
