[112693787183481538250,100192001286995202656,I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Avenue Plaza resort in the beautiful Garden District of New Orleans for Halloween from 10/28/2013 to 11/04/2013 in room 1018. While the grounds, resort, rooms, and bell staff were all lovely, well-kept and/or well mannered, the desk staff was somewhat standoffish and seemed to almost not be willing to be bothered. I thought that was fine, and enjoyed my stay; however, once I got home, I checked my credit card to find that I was charged $600. I couldn't imagine what that charge was for, so I called up the hotel. They told me that the $600 was to replace a damaged TV. I couldn't understand what that could have meant, because the TV was in perfect working order when my guest and I checked out. We even watched TV the morning of check-out, and the TV was in the same order that we had found it when we checked-in. When we checked-out, we had left a few bottles on the kitchen counter, and some professional, water-soluble Krylon face paint had gotten on the sheets from when we went to bed after Halloween; but otherwise, the room was left in good condition. Since the face make-up consistently came out of all my clothes (even white dress shirts) in a single wash, I did not think this would cause any issue. Once I found that the charge was for TV damage, I asked to talk to the manager, as we are certain we did not cause any damage. Then the manager told me something baffling. He said that the room appeared to have sustained damage in an apparent physical altercation that left blood stains on the sheets. As part of that supposed altercation, the TV was rendered unusable. He claimed that we had possibly taken a razor blade to the screen! I told him that there was no altercation. The red was water-soluble Halloween make-up that washes out; but, he maintained that they had to replace the TV. I can't help but think that he took an opportunity of what looked like an altercation to claim damages. But, my guest and I can attest that we had no altercation. I even have pictures of the professional water-based make-up that I had in the room. Unfortunately, I do not know what recourse I have since it is a case of the hotel manager's word against mine. At this point, I am making a claim to the Better Business Bureau, writing a review on Yelp and Google, and writing an email to the CEO, as I do not know the best way to address this. If you do stay at this hotel, take pictures of the room as you leave, because the hotel staff is certainly not honest enough to be trusted with your credit card number.]
