[111903758631810161122,100370716211875972735,They don't even deserve one start but they don't let me give zero. I went there to look at a car that I thought would have been perfect. I drove up and parked, started grabbing my things to get out and walk around. I wasnt even all the way out of my car before THREE yes THREE salesmen came out to "help me". One had no idea what cars they had and says he wasnt part of sales, then the second took me over to the car and opened the door. I looked inside and was very excited to test drive it. Only thing was that everytime I tried to bring it up they changed the subject. Then they took me inside to look up the internet price that I mentioned, and they APPARENTLY did not know what that "special" was even though that price was on MULTIPLE websites including their own. Then they told me to fill out a loan form with them after I already told them several times I already had a pre-approved loan with my credit union and did not want to go through anyone else. They then brought over the manager to "help" and the second salesman told the manager that i was trying to finish buying it when I had not even looked in the car yet. I told the manager that I am not going to fill out the form because I told them i already had one and that I had not even seen or driven the car yet. He completely ignored me and kept telling me that I can get a better rate with them. After all this I politely told them that I wanted to wait and figure out if I wanted to spend that much and that I would let them know. Instead of letting me go and being decent then began to try to embarass me in fron of the other customers and employees. Both the manager and salesman started saying (loudly) "Isn't it worth $10,000?!" and "You won't even spend $10,000!?". They continued to badgar and humiliate me until I finally walked out. Not to mention that my "$10,000" would have actually been "$12000+" Because they were trying to add almost $1500 in DEALERSHIP fees after taxes and all. Things like $400 to document sales and keep record copies, $399 for "assesories whatever that is... Proccessing fees, moving fee, etc etc. They will never get mine or anyone I knows business, ever. They were lying, horrible people that completely tried to trap me and humiliate me. They are worse than buying from the big dealers. NEVER BUY FROM THEM!.]
