[109289732706481264335,100267479663742744381,It's great to have found a store in Xi'an where I can buy some western food items, albeit those things are quite expensive there. Finding what I like is "hit or miss" there, however. Even if I have someone to translate Chinese for me, when I can't find a product they normally carry, the help just replies with "Méiyǒu" (Don't have). No one ever offers to check to see when or if the next shipment will be coming in. They just don't care. Likewise, the checkers at the cash registers are painfully slow. That's not really unique to Metro, however... It's just the way it is in China. Retail workers don't seem to have any motivation. The lack of service also might be partially attributable to the company being a German firm. If you have ever spent time in Germany, you know of their appalling lack of "customer service" in the country. I'm not picking on Germany... That's just part of the corporate culture there. (Even my German relatives often complain of poor service in Germany.) Still, shortcomings aside, at least I can sometimes find authentic German bread and some imported cheeses and a couple of kinds of mustard, such as American and Dijon. While I'm happy to find those, I'm a little surprised they don't carry Germany's most popular brand of mustard, "Bautzner". As I mentioned, be prepared for sticker-shock, however. A small plastic squeeze bottle of French's American Mustard will set you back about US$5. The price of cheese will give you a heart attack faster than the cheese. They have a fair selection of authentic German beers. Expect to pay at least US$30 for a 5 liter "draft" can. That same beer would probably cost about the same in the US, although it would probably cost only 1/3 of that in Germany. I can also find good quality olive oil at a cheaper price than Walmart or Vanguard. So overall, on Google's 0-3 scale, I would give this Metro store a 2 on Quality, a 2 on Appeal, but only a 0 on Service. As of October 2012, I have heard the Metro just opened a new store in the eastern part of Xi'an. It may be closer for me than the current location. I plan on checking it out, then will write a review of that location as well.]
