[104309347360644495769,100540181006379976124,This theater is so nice, the seats are plush, the screen and sound are excellent, but the service is the worst Ive ever had. And its been that way 3 times in a row. I recently went to see Prometheus, got to the theater an hour early and was seated about 30 minutes later, pressed the blue button for service and didn't have anyone come to help me for about 20 minutes. I wrote what I wanted on the ticket and gave to to a random server who came up to us and i guess noticed we hadnt been helped. This is all after the people next to us had already gotten their food! The movie started and 30 mins into it, still hadnt even gotten my beer! Pressed the button again, but finally had to wave someone down and they seemed to never even realize I had ordered, almost like they completely lost my ticket. Finally got my drink and waited for my food, 30 minutes later had to wave another person down and again, had no idea what I ordered and had to re-order through person, which was very disturbing while watching a movie. FINALLY got my food over half way through the movie. By then I had atleast 4 different people "helping" me, wasnt sure who my server was. I was very very dissatisfied. This was the worst of my experience here at the theater, but the previous 2 times were quite similar. Very slow, disorganized service. The servers dont come back to check on you, to refill waters or other drinks unless you press the button, which honestly is a worthless effort anyways. Flix needs a different waiting system, It almost ruined my movie, and makes me not want to come ever again. I was so angry to have to constantly talk to 4 different waiters throughout my movie just to get a damn beer and a pizza. If they had a better system, maybe like Alamo's, I would come here all the time. Its close to my apartment and everything else is really nice, the food is great, but the service is ridiculous. I wonder if those blue buttons even work to alert the servers or they're just there to hope that a server passing through your section will notice a blue light and hopefully give you some service. Honestly I wouldnt come hungry to this place, eat before or after, and just enjoy the nice theater. Dont even bother with getting anything once seated, just grab a beer in the lobby beforehand. In my experience, it would be the best bet. Its a shame, because this theater could be so great, but now id rather spend my money at Alamo Drafthouse where ive ALWAYS had great service!]
