[111119492936329360195,100166758455344710076,For those of you naysayers that don't believe in love at first sight, Callooh Callay is here to prove you wrong. From the very get go - upon hearing of a Narnia inspired wardrobe entrance - I was absolutely smitten with the idea of having drinks here. I was so keen to document my magnificent entry through the wardrobe that I even documented it - oh so casually, one might say, if posing by the door a half dozen or so times with a gleeful smile counts as 'casual'. The bulk of the bar is a cool, enigmatic space reminiscent of fantasy speakeasies. With a gramophone playing lazily in the corner and disco balls twinkling overhead, I was thrown into a state of playful confusion. I was in a speakeasy jazz bar (or so the dulcet smooth jazz overhead told me) and I was eyeing a menu that looked suspiciously like an Oyster card. Which it was, of course. In perfect miniature lay before me an Oyster Card: drink edition menu. Filled to the brim with whimsical aphorisms like the "Spruce Willis" ("a drink as long as McClane's rap sheet"), whittling down my choice to a few drinks was going to be a difficult feat. Listening to the giggling, slow dull murmur of the crowd around me, I gathered my courage and ordered the Disco Gin Pernod, a drink filled with Tanqueray gin, mulled orange syrup, sweet Vermouth along with a nice little Cynar and Pernod absinthe. I'm no heavy drinker - I tend to shy away from burly drinks filled with Vermouth and Whisky - but I absolutely adored the Disco Gin. It was as playful as its namesake, with hints of bitter overlapping slight sweetness - perfect for an eager yet fearful novice like myself. Being an American and not privy to absinthe, I was (inappropriately enough) giddy like a child to try my drink. I was shocked: the absinthe wasn't bitter like I expected, but instead had a tamed sweetness; never cloyingly sweet, but rather a drink that had been expertly tempered with other happy mixins. All in all, I can't wait to come back and take another leap through the wardrobe - who knows what I'll find on the other side next time.]
