[110697999809532233761,100962474663264420182,If I could give this place a less than poor review, I would. My friend suggested this place today and I agreed not knowing anything about it. I had my daughter and granddaughter with me. There is absolutely nothing on the menu for children - which is fine. She is very young toddler and can share any of our plates. The food choices are limited at best and certainly not anything that would be appetizing to a toddler. The portions are extremely small - which is fine; Americans overeat anyway. However, I expect the pricing to be in line with the portion size. My "caramelized" pear salad had 1/4 of a pear sliced up and they were canned pairs with sugar on them. There was about 1/3 cup of greens, 1 piece of a pine nut and about 1 tablespoon of blue cheese. The butternut squash soup was the most tasteless and bland soup I've ever tried - absolutely no flavor. I'm a very good cook, so I expect a restaurant to be at least ALMOST as good as what I can make at home! We ate outside because the inside of the old house was absolutely sub zero temperatures. We got our food after about a 30 minute wait (for 2 sandwiches and a salad). Then we had to go in ourselves twice to get silverware and a side dish to share our food with our toddler. Two different servers were asked for items and neither followed through. The place was NOT busy. When I paid the bill, they charged me $2.25 for the toddler's drink and it was a regular sized glass, but filled only 1/4 of the way. They charged .75 for a slice of motz cheese on my daughter's sandwich, but didn't take any money off for the hummus that she asked to them to leave off. Really? Just substitute one for the other in the name of good customer service. Don't get me started on the customer service. When I got my bill for $58 for 2 sandwiches and a salad/soup combo, I mentioned to the cashier (also my server) that it was very high priced for lunch for 3 people. She said that I was paying for quality. I looked closer at the ticket and realized she had given me someone else's ticket, which I pointed out to her. She then argued with me that she was right and it took some skills to convince her that between the 3 of us (and an unfed toddler), we really only had 3 meals, not the 5 she was trying to get me to pay for. This place has terrible customer service, the food is definitely NOT high quality, it is WAY over priced and the atmosphere IS great if you want to feel like you are at your grandma's house. Subway does a better job than this place! What a complete rip off. If the owner had a conscience, he/she would look at the reviews on this website and either make some adjustments or close the place altogether and stop ripping off the unsuspecting public. I think I'll stick with the restaurants in Sugar House where I live where you'll find fair prices, good food and lots of selection for all kinds of dietary needs. This Food for Thought place could take a lesson from The Blue Plate Diner, Shanghai, or even someplace as simple as The Tea Grotto. OK, enough said. I hate this place and will never go back and hope you don't either!]
