[113481018008399183152,100419217025667205939,Personally I would not recommend this dealership or go back to it again. I had a very bad experience during my new car purchase. Sales person I dealt with were very unprofessional. It started all with Internet Sales Team….I called them and told my requirements and requested for a price quote. They sent me the same, when I visited them the pricing got changed as the quote sent to me was different and not as per my financing options which I asked for. Since this dealership is 65 miles from my place and I didn't want to waste any more time we negotiated a deal which included a 3M protection film on bumper, front & on side mirrors. Sales person asked me to share the price for this film which I agreed. I half paid for it & since it was Sunday and by the time we finished all paper work it was their closing time, so the sales person told us that he would set up a service appointment for the things to be taken care of. After constant followup of 3 weeks I got an appointment scheduled for the protection film and other issues, only to know that they will put the film only on front & side mirrors, not on the bumper as it was not what they offered or I paid. For getting the film installed on bumper I have to pay an extra $250 from my pocket. I spoke to the sales person & his manager explained them but they simply denied that they promised any such thing. Since I already paid money so I have to get it installed as I was not willing to pay anything extra on what they promised & not delivering. I went to the dealership to get it installed, since it was a long job so requested for loaner car, they offered rental car. We did a walk through and I left for the office. When I went back the lady who took back the rental car looked under the bumper and said that there is a scratch (which was not visible until you bend on you knees and look under) and I have to pay for that. I disputed it saying i was not responsible for that and you never look below a car to check dents & marks. They filed a claim & I disputed it as I was not responsible for that scratch & moreover it was not visible when you walk around until you bend on your knees and look below. So this case is still pending with my insurance as I disputed it. Lets see what happens next. My new car purchase experience is ruined by this dealership. I wouldn't go back to them…..]
