[113755339067288873403,100762387538762984024,After five months of non-stop issues, I am finally reporting Byrne to the BBB because they have gone too far. They have trumped up charges to take out of our security deposit that are inconsistent with the condition of the property. The condition was deplorable when we moved in, but we managed to bump it up to liveable in the short time we were there. They purport thorough video inspection between every tenant, but I believe my report will show otherwise. To summarize the full letter: The home was not clean when we moved in. The carpets were so bad that I questioned whether they had been shampooed; I was provided a receipt and told that whatever stains there were could not be removed. The cleaning we paid for (and provided a receipt to Byrne) used pet enzyme AND removed spots that were pre-existing, including a huge stain in the bathroom. They have since re-done the carpets (due to tenant request!!) and are assessing us a $150 charge. Incidentally, they used the same company that "cleaned" the carpets before us. They also charged us $100 for "touch up cleaning" and provided no details as to what was cleaned. We did leave all of the junk that was there when we moved in- including about 10 cans of paint that were in the furnace room when we arrived. This is a MAJOR safety hazard which Byrne has written into their leasing contract as such and yet missed during their inspection. We also left all of the bricks and containers present in the backyard when we moved in, though we spent 2 weekends sorting through the rusty nails, dead mice, and animal feces thrown in with them. They were neatly stacked when we left. Bathroom: mold/water damage on walls and ceilings, chipping/peeling (probably lead) paint, years of cobwebs and dust on the shower curtain apparatus, the sink didn't drain, and a stained/carpeted floor. When they finally dealt with it, their maintenance man did not close off the area while sanding and scraping (kicking all of that paint dust into my house), did not prime before painting, and did not use any sort of drop cloth. There was paint on everything, and when he left he did not clean up the debris; I had to clean up all of the lead paint chips everywhere. In addition to the cleanliness and functional issues detailed above, the property has water damage under the kitchen sink, shelving units throughout the house are not secure, there is a spigot leaking continuously in the back yard, the paint job is atrocious, the floors are terribly scraped, stained, torn and uneven, doors don't latch properly, there are numerous unrepaired holes and unfinished patches in the walls, the kitchen counters are burned/scraped/sagging, the refrigerator has penis drawings all over it, the bathroom sink didn't drain (we took care of it), multiple light switches and power outlets don't function, many windows are painted shut, and the windows and insulation are so poor that the walls were actually cold to the touch. In regards to their administration: Someone came out for our "semi-annual inspection;" she mistakenly noted that we had two cats. I was home with our authorized animals (1 dog 1 cat) when she inspected. We then received a $100 fine and a letter threatening eviction. I had to make time for them to come again. They missed other appointments without calling to inform me. They were also blatantly dishonest when marketing this property online. They called it a 2 or possibly 3 bedroom home with a finished basement when advertising. It is a very small one bedroom house with a minimally (poorly) finished basement. Advertising also said it has a one car garage- it is a shed that no car could park in. They were also using photos with the previous paint job online until I informed Angela. I will tell every person I can- you don't want to be involved with this mess.]
