[100341393142209467048,100080896489812223461,I have to give a A for atmosphere, however a D for product and service. My girlfriend and I took a half day at work to get a mani and pedi combo. I paid for the Signature combo and she paid for the Deluxe. We were both very disappointed. Signature was to include Nail trimming & shaping - didn't happen, not on my feet and not on my hands; cuticle grooming - got it on my feet only; buffing & conditioning, callus smoother treatment - if that consisted of "Lisa" taking a purple scrubby pad to the bottoms of my feet for approximately 5 seconds, then I guess that happened; warm lotion massage and hot towel wrap - got it. I've got the same tufft of dry skin and same calluses in the same spot I walked in there with on Friday afternoon. Our "relaxing spa experience" lasted a whole 20 minutes total, then an additional 10 under the hand a feet dryer with no explaination of how long to sit there, do we use the nail dryind spray, etc. Also, I paid in cash, Maria used her card. When "Lisa" brought back my change and I didn't immediately tip her, she started talking in her native language with Maria's gal with attitude. This made me quite uncomfortable. Why would I tip before my service is compeltely over? Maybe I should have tipped only on the service that I had received up to that point. At one point I tried to make conversation with Lisa, asking her if she had been there a while and she was not interested in returning the conversation, actually I got the feeling that she hated her job, hated the fact that some girl had come in there for a service at the place that she worked. The polish on my hands have air bubble on 3 of the fingers of my left hand. Also, my cuticles are still ugly considering she didn't perform that service. I'd go back if it was offered to me for a re-do of the service, other than that, I doubt it. Taking the time off work to have an afternoon with my girlfriend at what seemed like a nice reputable place, we sure were disappointed, its a shame considering we are in that area at Rookwood at least once a month and were looking for a "go-to" place to do our girl thing together.]
