[106186032042439435070,100610364594174480223,Went to return a phone case. The 'greeter' at the front door looked at my return item, stuck a pink sticker on it and sent me to Customer Service. I waited in line for 10 min at Customer Service - only one employee was working the return/customer service register, three were standing ten feet away BS'ing. When I got to the counter the girl said, "oh, you need to return this over in the Best Buy Mobile section". I then went to the Best Buy Mobile Section where the only two employees in the section were selling mobile plans to two separate customers. I was the 3rd person in line to return something. After a 15 min wait, a third employee showed up and was obviously high or something. He took an additional 10 minutes to take care of the first person in line as he wondered from register to register and rooted through the cabinets behind the counter. When I finally got helped, the guy didn't say a word to me or make any eye contact. ABSOLUTELY the worst retail store, bar none, in which I've shopped. If this was my first bad experience at this store, I would have simply chalked it up to a fluke, however it was not. I received a remote starter for Christmas and had it installed at this store. The installation went fine, however, I wanted an adjustment made so the car would run longer and not shut off so quickly. I spent ~30 minutes on the phone with some idiot explaining the situation and what I wanted changed. This guy was clueless and finally said to come in and talk to the installer which I did the next day. After 'making my case' as to why I wanted to the car to run longer than the default 10 minutes he agreed to adjust the remote starter to make the car run for 20 min instead. I was about 2 minutes away from popping the hood, ripping the remote unit out, and throwing it across the store. I asked the installer if the adjustment was a simple matter of adjusting some DIP switches in the control panel and he said in a condescending bark "Yes, but Not for You!". And for my last example, about a year ago, I ordered a laptop online to avoid dealing with the idiots in the computer department and to expedite my purchase. I ordered the laptop around 9am, the store opened at 10am. The website said to wait for a confirmation e-mail after I placed my order. I got an e-mail around 10:15am stating that the store was closed when I placed the order and to wait until store the store opened for the confirmation e-mail. I received the confirmation e-mail at 11:45am! I went to the store and waited for about 10 min for someone to stop talking and come to the register. The employee had a hard time finding my order even though I had the confirmation e-mail and it took another 20 min to get the laptop out of the warehouse in the store. Next time I'm gonna shot at Walmart.]
