[103458297607101246093,100965122695032186410,I don't usually write reviews but our experience here was so awful I just couldn't bite my tongue. This place is 2 blocks from my apt and after reading the great reviews on here I decided to buy a Groupon they were offering and give it a try (I cannot for the life of me understand how business owners don't understand the point of Groupons is getting new customers in and impressing them so they come back and pay full price...but i digress). I met my boyfriend there at 7pm last Saturday and he was sitting in one of the tables (which was cracked down the middle) on the patio. He told me that he didn't think there was a waitress because he had been sitting there for 10 minutes and nobody came by (this was confirmed when he went to the bar to order drinks). For a place that calls itself a Restaurant in its name and on the large sign out front I found this a little odd to not have a single waitress on a Saturday evening. Strike one. We decided on 4 items from the limited menu items (Arancini - which being spelled incorrectly on the menu should have been a warning (foul tip), Arugula and Beet salad, Chicken Quesadilla, and Tuna Tartar. When my bf went to the bar to order he was told that they didn't have the Arancini and that they were out of Arugula so the Beet salad would be served with another kind of lettuce. ALSO that the kitchen was behind because everyone there had a Groupon and was ordering food so it might be a little bit of a wait (there was not more than 10 people in the entire place). Strike 2. We order more drinks and about 20 minutes later our friends happen to walk in (they also had bought the Groupon). They order some food (Beet minus Arugula salad, Burger and Chicken Wings). We order more drinks and wait...now 50 minutes after we ordered the bartender brings the salad to the table (in case you were wondering it was served with romaine to replace the arugula). The beets were raw, completely inedible. After another 5 minutes a guy come from the sidewalk and into the restuarant and to our table with a burger and wings. I say to the guy "I'm sorry, we ordered our food half an hour before them, do you happen to know when it will be coming out". His response "oh, i'm sorry I don't work here, this food was ordered from Pedones" THEY ORDERED FOOD FROM THE PIZZA PLACE NEXT DOOR AND HAD IT DELIVERED TO THEIR RESTAURANT!!!!!!!!!!! STRIKE 3 After speaking with the bartender (who apparently is also the manager) about the unacceptable wait time (her excuse was that regular chef was out sick and it was this chef's first day.... remember there were no more than 10 people there when we ordered and only 1 item we ordered actually required cooking). Finally about 10 minutes later our quesadilla comes out. To be fair it was pretty good but honestly I was starving by this point and anything would have tasted good. Another 5 minutes and our Tuna Tartar finally arrives...The odor coming off the fish wasn't worth risking the food poisoning. ...how many strikes is that now? I don't know how this place is still in business.]
