[100937964442400492733,100616895857170610810,This use to be my favorite place to go. I have been here maybe 10 times in the past. It has been great experiences with food, great wait staff and always the bartender is fun. This has all since changed. I took a friend from out of town here as we drove all the way from Mt. Evans just to get a beer and enjoy the wings. BAD CHOICE... We put our name on the list even though there were many open tables. We sat and sat and sat and finally after 1hour of waiting I go back and ask whats up they fumble through the written down names and realize oh they forgot us. Were so sorry.. LOL.. nice I kindly obliged and said I'd rather drive another 30 minutes to boulder where we will not be forgotten. Last week I decided to give this place another try, because after 10 good experiences I said this had to be a bad day for them. Boy was I wrong. The management is atrocious. Same story... I get there and again confronted with a bumbling lady stating there is a wait. I laughed and said I know this story... I can clearly see there is open tables inside and out. Why can't we be seated? She replies oh those tables are for waiters that are not here yet.. (so you don't seat the people waiting because you don't have enough waiters?) Maybe hire more?? Just saying.... So stated my story that last time you forgot us after over an hour, we will be at the bar. I get a beer and wait and wait... Finally they come up an seat us next to the bathroom in a little 2 seater table, with about 8 other nicer tables and some outside. I laughed and said you have to be kidding?? They did finally get us a table near the bar area. We sat and waited for our waitress who comes up takes our drink order and then runs off not to be seen for a long time. Finally she brings drinks and before we could put an order in she runs off again. Pretty frustrated at this point we flag her down and say can we get some food here? To their credit the food is still decent. We ordered the wings and sweet potato fries, and laughed as we said we better count and see if they go everything here. Of course we were short a wing, though we never got the chance to point it out, because we never saw our waitress again. They have really gone down hill and hopefully the owner reads these reviews and starts by hiring a manager for the place. The service is downright horrible.. I will never return to this place. Stay home buy a smoker and make your own wings and avoid this place...]
