[110105760785212527119,100206850121989472881,I have purchased my last four cars (3 used and 1 new) at Rick Ridings and Chris Mataya has brokered the deal on each one. One of the reasons I like working with Chris is that he doesn't pressure anyone into a sale. He's patient and willing to go the extra mile to make sure you're completely satisfied with the car and buying process. The dealership provides CarFax reports for any vehicle and is forthcoming about the condition of every car on their lot...from the brand new down to the oldest used vehicle. I'm always out to get myself the best deal and for each of my vehicles, did a great deal of research to make sure that I wasn't overpaying. If you buy in Champaign-Urbana, you WILL overpay. If you drive to Monticello and shop at Rick Ridings, you WILL get the best deal. Period. The problem with reviews online is that you don't always get the whole story. There are a couple of people here who seem to have had bad experiences, but my guess is that the stories aren't entirely true or that details are being withheld. I know Chris and this dealership well...and the negative things being posted here sound more like slander than an accurate account of what really took place. Rick Ridings does not sell lemons (they will refuse trade or pass at auction...true junk doesn't go on their lot!), but they do sell "value" vehicles with higher mileage. With any used car, you get what you pay for and blame shouldn't go back to the salesman if you choose to sign on the dotted line. CarFax reports are ALWAYS available and you're welcome to have your "car guy" come check out the vehicle before purchase. Caveat emptor! I am a greatly satisfied customer of Rick Ridings and will continue to purchase my vehicles there. Chris has my business locked down for the reasons I listed above and more. Feel free to contact me personally. I'm happy to share my individual purchasing experiences with you. Because I can't post my contact info here, call the dealership and ask for Chris or Rodney. Either of them can put you in touch with me! I'd love to tell your about my purchasing experience. (2008 Ford Explorer, 2008 Chrysler Town and Country, 2013 Ford Edge, 2012 Chevy Malibu)]
