[103997769889936746424,100136886335965557584,First,let me say that I found the place to be clean. The room was small but we had plenty of room to sleep and we would have showered IF THERE WAS HOT WATER!!! We arrived on a Friday afternoon, as someone was yelling at Patrick, the manager about there not being any hot water. The man threw his key at Patrick. We inquired and he said it was "being fixed as we speak". He invited us to check out the room before we checked in and then he gave is a small discount ( $30 off entire stay) "because we were nice". We came back that evening, hoping to shower and there was still no hot water. The woman at the front desk said they had called someone to fix it and they were coming. She must not have known that Patrick had told us in the afternoon that they were already there fixing it. Hmmm... 24 hours later, there was still no hot water and we had an event to attend that evening. We went downstairs and asked Patrick about it again and he said it was fixed. We had just left the room and the water was stone cold. We told him that we thought an additional discount was in order because of the lack of hot water. He flew into a rage and told us he already gave us one discount and why did we think we deserved another one and did we want him to lose his job. My friend stayed downstairs talking with him while I went up to check the water and it was still cold. He started screaming at my friend, kicked her out of the building and called the police on us!!! When I came downstairs, he told me that he felt threatened by us, he was concerned for his safety, we had to leave and the police had been called. I told him we would stand outside and wait for the police. When the NYPD arrived and realized that we were the problem, they thought it was pretty laughable that this big burly guy felt threatened by these 2 middle-aged women! He told us that we had a right to have hot water and a right to stay there because we had paid for the room and if we discover that our stuff is gone from the room when we return, we were to call 911 and they would help us. We returned to the room at 5pm and there finally was hot water. However, it was scalding hot and very difficult to control. It took me about 15 minutes to get it to usable temperature and then there was very poor water pressure. But at least we could finally shower! It's too bad. I would have stayed there again since it was clean and convenient. But Patrick either needs anger management classes or he needs to find a new line of work. I work in the hotel industry as does my friend, who used to own a motel. There was no need for him to react the way he did. His anger was misplaced. Perhaps if he had been more forceful with the plumbers and less obnoxious to the guests, the whole issue would have been resolved to everyone's satisfaction!]
