[104796674655773049202,100203317418248789684,DO NOT GO HERE!!!!! A sales person there told us that the car was a "Cherry" and after driving 4 hours to go get the car with kids, we noticed at 9 pm that the car looked like it had been driven through a field with bushes and there were cuts in the leather seats, along with a huge bleach stain on the carpets. My wife couldn't believe that the salesman called it HIS WORDS "Cherry." He also told us that we had to find another one that night because he wasn't coming in the next day and so he wanted us to start looking at about 9:30pm with kids!!! This guy could care less. We left and stayed at the Fairfiled inn, which was nice and decided to head back to dealership the next morning to start our two day battle. We were in a hurry because we had to get back home, but we were quickly greeted by another car salesman and we told him what had happened the night before and that we needed to get to the bottom dollar soon. He said it was not going to be a quick process to find the bottom dollar on one of their cars because that was not how they work. I couldn't believe my ears, I was literally begging to buy a car because we really needed one but, this guy said getting to the bottom dollar just wasn't going to happen fast because the manager had to negotiate!! I understand negotiating but, we needed to get to the point after trapping our kids in the car and watching cheaper by the dozen 5 times. We had had enough and packed up our 2 kids and started the drive home. On the way home in the car the a manager called and was very professional and wanted to make things right and we desperately needed a car, so we struck a deal on another pilot that we liked over the phone. He also apologized for what had happened and told us that the other car from the night before was obviously not cherry because it had been on their car lot for 71 days and not sold, although the car salesman from the night before said he was having to hold it for us!!! The car we wanted had two scratches on the hood that he said he would get fixed and painted which I think he said it would cost like $350 but he was paying for it. Not sure why he was telling me prices but he did. We agreed to meet him halfway between our towns because he was giving us such a good deal and he also said it was going to cost him another "I think $250" to send two drivers to meet us with two cars. One of their cars and of course the other mine. I called him multiple times over the next couple days to figure out pick up times and left him multiple messages, they even took the car off the website. I don't know what happened because he literally disappeared and would never return our calls. We have purchased other cars before and have never had anything like this happen. This was actually months and months ago, but I am still so irritated about what happened and how shady that place is that I want other people to know what they are all about. You have been warned!!]
