[105168828861841125879,100075925767448517322,UPDATE! 8/10/2012 Just got a phone call from a woman claiming to be the "owner" of Babbit Motor Werks, on a Friday night at 7pm. She wanted to talk to me about my review that she said I had just posted. I wrote the review approximately 2 months ago. She stated that I had "taken their coil that was installed into my vehicle. And this was done without my knowledge or it being authorized. I took my vehicle in to BMw. for an estimate. I still have my original estimate that does not indicate that they ever installed anything in my car. The did NOT have permission to do anything to my car. She claimed that I have "their" property in my car, and then threatened to sick a lawyer on me. I told her to go right ahead because I will counter-sue. These people are as crooked as the day is long and hot. I will update this review when I recieve mail with an attorney's name on it, or a PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM THIS "OWNER". BUYER BEWARE! DO NOT DO BUSINESS HERE!! This is my opinion. Thanks for sealing your own fate on this one, BMw! I took my 1995 BMW 525i into Babbits for an oil change, and asked them to give it a look over with some specifice areas to check. I ended up having to get a rental car because this took all day. The next day I took my rental car back and picked my car up, I was facing a $1300.00 bill. The specifics were: New radiator (cap extra), new starter, 1 new coil (spark plug mounted), some work to my sticky ignition. Well, after a couple of days of dreading spending that much money, I was looking to do the work myself. I had an issue with the car sputtering when on the freeway and trying to pass someone, or go up a hill, the car would vibrate badly. This, they said was due to a bad #4 coil that needed replacement. After leaving their shop, the car ran better than it ever had. They did NO work to it, just happened to plug the coil in properly and it solved that issue! Saved me $182.00! Thanks! The next issue was the radiator that they said was "BAD RADIATOR AND EXPANSION TANK. CAP DOESN'T SEAL CORRECTLY AND RADIATOR IS SOME OFF BRAND". Well, they were right. The cap didn't seal properly. They wanted to charge me $480.00 to put a new radiator, and the cap is extra, plus fluid. Well, I went to Autozone and purchased a new cap that FIT CORRECTLY, AND SEALED THE SYSTEM. All for $18.00. That fixed that problem for less thank $20.00. That is either highway robbery at it's finest, or they have some very poor mechanics. Either way, I will never set foot in their shop again. First impressions are lasting impressions. I told Eric the moment I walked in there, that I read REVIEWS ON GOOGLE, and I would be posting my own review and this was their chance to shine and make a customer happy and get good reviews and more business. We know how that turned out because you are reading this. STAY AWAY FROM BABBITT MOTOR WERKS. In some cases, the STEALERSHIP is worth it. But buy yourself a Bentley manual and do the work yourself. BMW's are not as intimidating as you think. Thanks for reading and save yourself A LOT OF MONEY, DO NOT GO HERE!!!]
