[116634001449943571015,100283379169692206615,Ah! I have been dying to go to Global Fusion since I had heard about it a couple of months back. Today was the perfect opportunity as it was a company sponsored lunch so I wasn't bothered about burning a hole in my pocket. But jokes apart, I must say I was not disappointed at all and it is as good as it was described to me by my fellow foodies! The place is huge & surprisingly even on a Monday afternoon it was bustling with patrons. Talking about the food, it was just yum. The spread is incredibly extensive and ranges from Japanese, Korean, Thai, Chinese, Malaysian & everything Asian! Especially the seafood preparations are delectable. I was spoilt for choice between the wide array of Sushi both veg (yes, veg sushi) & non-veg, salads, appetizers, tempura & dimsums. Honestly speaking I could not taste everything at offer! Only a superhuman can accomplish that feat. :) The sushi & sashimi were as close to authentic as they could get while the dimsums were perfectly steamed with moist & mildly flavoured fillings. The soups were totally yum (I had the chicken tom yum soup which was a delight) The starters that I could taste included Chicken Satay (tasteful, juicy, bite-sized chicken in peanut based satay sauce), Chicken Teriyaki (the best Teriyaki I have had so far), Tenderloin (finely sliced succulent crisp strips of tenderloin in a sweet & sour chinese sauce), Baked Prawns (whole prawns baked with some cheese topping, can't get better then that), a paneer starter (didn't bother about the name, but it was really tasty), a corn starter (again very good), a sweet & sour mushroom starter (the best of the veg starter options we tried), and a few more starters at offer. We couldn't help but call for multiple rounds of starters and were half full by the time we moved ahead! Besides these, they had a host of dimsums & tempura dishes at offer and they were as good, if not better, as you would get at an outlet at their place of origin! Then came the round for main course, which I must say was good for a Non Vegetarian but disappointing for a Vegetarian. If you are a vegetarian & not a big fan of stir fries, the only things you are left with is Hakka Noodles, Fried Rice, Steamed Rice & Red Thai Curry. But being a non vegetarian I had better options which included chicken, prawns, fish & crab (the crabs were really awesome) besides these! The desserts were okayish, with a few pastries, some interesting jellies, mud & cheese cakes, and ice creams from BR! All in all, it was a delight since I am a meat-&-seafood-lover! Ratings: Ambiance - 4.0/5 Service - 4.5/5 Value for money - 4.0/5 Food - 3.0/5 (Veg) - 4.5/5 (Non Veg) Overall - 4.0/5]
