[109540615315979410799,100428698875463368311,My daughter and I had the unfortunate experience of attending Edge Dance Studio for one year. Not only do they have inexperienced teacher's teaching our children but they also have 16 year old students substituting at least twice a week during paid class time. The owner of the studio Barbara Everett continuously belittled the other parents to myself and a group of mother's who also left the studio last year and my first thought was "If she is talking about them to me, a person she just met, what will she be saying about myself and my child behind my back"? I could have put up with the favoritism that the studio shows for some of the girls who clearly have no technique although, it isn't their fault, they were never taught any technique at EDGE, but when Barb at the final competition in Orlando, Fl got into my car with a glass of wine at 9:00 in the morning with three children in the car I was done! We recently moved to California and my daughter attends another studio where she was at the bottom of her class after summer try-outs and was considered one of the best dancer's at EDGE when we left. Now I am happy to say she is at the top of her Company for her age group and has learned the proper technique and etiquette that a beautiful, strong, honest dancer should portray. She also stated to me that she wished some of her friends from Edge would attend just one class with her so they can see what they are learning isn't correct! That came out of a ten year olds mouth!!! The instructor's at Edge have no formal training and that was my fault in the beginning for not doing my research! If you're thinking about spending money for a hobby in dance, I would still urge you not to attend a studio that only cares about gossip, drinking and favoritism as a way of business. They also charged the team over $180.00 for a costume they bought from a thrift store and had only a week of class in June last year and charged everyone in the studio for a month of classes. Before anyone from that studio comments (only their kids and friends usually), think about why you lost half of your students last year and why you only compete against your own studio in competitions so you can call yourself winners! These are facts, not opinions Peter Everett and freedom of speech is on my side so before you pull out the "I'm going to sue you" line like you've threatened the last five mother's from your studio....look in the mirror and try to better yourselves instead of spewing hate and lies about people. Oh please do your research before even spending a dime here!!!]
