[116908804105762858612,100155550199460903077,We recently purchased a 2006 Mercury Mountaineer from another dealer. After driving it for two weeks my wife was hit head on and it was totaled. We found a similar Mountaineer at Ford of Murfreesboro we liked. We went on Memorial Day to look at it, we only had 1 day left on our rental and were in dire need of a new car. The Mercury they had was out of our price range. So we decided to move on to another dealer. The salesman begged us to stay and told us how much better it was to buy from a certified dealership. They showed us a Jeep Commander that was nice and a good deal. We purchased it and were fairly happy for the first two weeks. The dealer called 4 times to make sure the car was running correctly, wow… Then after driving it to visit out of town family the transmission Solenoid went out on the way home. After doing research we found it was a known problem and you could reprogram the computer to lower the pressure and it would work for about two weeks... Took it back to the dealer and they tested it and sure enough it was the solenoid. But we did not buy the $2,500.00 extended warranty so they could do nothing for us. I explained I thought we got some kind of small warranty from buying from a “Certified Ford” Dealer, they said no. And they already had my cash yet I still didn’t even have my title yet. They said tuff they could not fix every car that they sold. I believe they reset the computer and sold it know it would blow up (I have no proof of this but all the signs point this way). They offered to “fix it at dealer cost” of $1000. Thing is I called three other dealers and a Trans shop, knowing what was wrong and they only wanted $600. Then the day I went back to get it, they had taken it to the Jeep dealer and we had to wait three hours to get it back. Oh the other thing when I was broke down on the side of the interstate I looked underneath the car to see if anything looked out of place, no spare tire. The GM acted like I took it off or something. He finally agreed to get me one, it was a donut and worn out even though the commanders come with 17” spares. I would not buy anything from these people they lie and say everything just above the law. They carefully word everything so they are legally covered. I know everyone needs to make money to stay in business but these guys clearly do not care about getting any more from me….]
