[104941324449451403941,100161605555267062374,“New Jersey Welcomes South Beach for the Perfect Get Away!” My fiance and I stayed at Hotel Icona on a whim after looking to get away for a few days. I wasn't formerly familiar with this place, but the pictures online of the new renovation looked really nice. Upon arriving, not only did the hotel meet our expectations, but far surpassed them! Once entering the lobby, it felt as though we stepped out of New Jersey and in to South Beach. Our room was gorgeous - modern, chic, calming, classy, and new! I couldn't stop looking at all of the amazing light fixtures and simple yet ornate details. To my surprise, the room had a full service kitchen, living room, bedroom, and nice bathroom - 2 plasma TVs and a great balcony with ocean view! Everything was incredibly clean! I felt like I was at home on some levels which was nice - not only because of the cleanliness, but because of the comforting touches everywhere. Talk about an escape - the pool is SO blue and clean and the dark wood furniture and white umbrellas surrounding it (and some other cozy furniture and tables as well) makes for such a relaxing atmosphere! Waiters even serve you poolside! The Coastal Blue restaurant that is in the hotel and attached to the pool is amazing!!! The decor in there is very new and South Beachy also and the service and food our excellent!! They are very accommodating! A private beach awaits you outside of the pool and is perfect for laying out and swimming! Diamond Beach is incredible! The sand is so soft and you can walk out in the water quite a ways and it still only comes up to your knees! The beach is not overly-crowded either since it is private which is nice. Icona's location is fabulous! It's right in between actual Wildwood and Cape May. It's in a classy section surrounded by elegance. I will absolutely be revisiting and most likely be making this my annual getaway! I think the price is perfect!! I'm almost shedding a tear as I write this because I would love to transport myself back there right now! At least I know that I can make a quick get away that isn't too far to escape reality and be treated nicely. It's amazing how every single worker in the entire place either said "Good Morning" or "Have a Nice Day"! Where else do you find that? I even threw on an Icona robe one night and just pretended I was a celebrity relaxing in South Beach because they made me feel that important! Thank you Hotel Icona!]
