[111171046654840978543,100674501640142965357,I disagree with the poor reviews of Bike Country because I had an absolutely WONDERFUL experience there!!!! I have worked retail and Im sorry, but when its time to go, its time to go. If I owned the store, I might stay and sell a bike...maybe the guy had somewhere to go. If you stay open for one person, then more people come in. Also, if the store is that busy, sometimes its hard to acknowledge others who have walked in. Especially if you are paying attention to the customer you are with and think someone else may have greeted them. Anyway, I went into Bike Country today because I have been having a VERY hard time finding a bike shop who was willing to work with me and the issues I had been having riding my bike. I had been having pain while riding in a "sensitive" area. I assumed that any bike shop would have been able to help me, but 3 major bike shops in Des Moines dismissed me and 2 of them were flat out rude. Yeah, I get it..I am a girl and my seat is pointing in directions it shouldn't be, but you would think that the bike shops would be PROFESSIONAL and help me out. It seems that they were quick to judge me as not a serious rider and since I don't have boy parts, they had no desire to help me. I swear to God, that is how I felt!!! I was greeted immediately once I walked into Bike Country. All of the sales people were with other customers and I patiently waited until Leanne (hope Im spelling that right) was available. I told her my issues and she was completely understanding and knew exactly what I needed to fix my problem. The seat I was told to buy originally was too big and made for a man.I bought that after the seat that came with my bike hurt me too much so I was just told to get a new one. It was like 140.00! She showed me how the seat was causing pressure points and pain while I rode and put me into a very reasonably priced WOMEN'S seat that fits me perfectly. They have a tool there that actually measures the distance between your sit bones and that determines the size of your seat. I couldn't believe how EASY it was to do that!!! Not ONE place in Des Moines offered to measure me. Such a SIMPLE TOOL!!! Once we got the seat on, she had me go outside and ride around in the parking lot so she could see how I rode and also so I could tell her how it felt. The first loop around the lot, I felt a bit of pressure. She made one tiny adjustment and then it felt great! She also gave me some great tips and even showed me how to adjust my seat myself. I had nothing but a fantastic experience with her and the store and I will be going back there for all of my biking needs. All of the workers in there were very professional and courteous. The store was very clean and kept up nice and I think the merchandise was very reasonably priced. Even the bike shorts. Most stores they are 60 + with the nice ones being over 100. I noticed their nice ones start around 45. I hope my review goes a long way with potential buyers. I am not a recreational rider, I take my riding seriously and have spent thousands of dollars on my bike and equipment. With the help of Bike Country, I can take my riding to the next level without suffering with terrible pain!!! I think they are more than capable of helping any rider at any level. Go check em out! :-) (Especially if you are a woman, go there and ask for Leanne, she is fantastic and understands our bodies!)]
